#############################PAGE-0#####################################
5 stars

 Chandra Kant S...

 16 Nov 2015 
 
 Best for the price  

 I was using Moto G for nearly 2 years. I wanted new phone so I researched for 1 month and settled for Vibe P1. I got this phone for 14.5k after applying SBI Credit card for 10% discount. Reasons why I chose Vibe P1 are given below: 
Bad things people say about Vibe P1: 
1. Less RAM: As I wanted to show off to my friends 3GB or 4GB. But personally I know that 2GB is more than enough for my regular use, and also fair for the price I'm paying. So no comments. 
2. Screen is not so bright: But you can observe that only when you put another phone beside P1. In regular use you won't feel it. Also from settings you can turn on Super brightness mode to get amazing quality of brightness to put other phones to shame. 
3. Heavy weight: It almost slipped twice from my hand the day I received it. Its heavy plus the back side don't have grip and even the cover also not helps in gripping. But after some days of use I'm used to its grip (See Update in the end of my review). I also don't feel weight too much because being Moto user which are usually heavy. 
4. Camera: I don't know why people are complaining too much about camera, come on it's mobile not DSLR. I think its ok for the price you are paying. And also all mobiles' cameras are not good as professional cameras and struggle in low light conditions. I own Sony cybershot, so anyways I'm not going to use my phone for clicking vacation pics, this Vibe P1 camera is sufficient for my occasional use. If you know how to use mobiles camera (touch to focus and other adjustments), then you can get awesome pictures by it. It click the pic as soon as you touch the button, super-fast. You can click pics even when screen is off by double pressing any volume button. 
5. No earphone: It's clearly mentioned in contents section of flipkart page, so why you people complain? It may have helped them to put a OTG adopter+ Screen guard+ Back cover, which you usually don't find with other phones. 
6. Heating: Only people who have not updated 215MB+38MB update are complaining about heating. When you get this phone, immediately install these two updates to lower your frustration. ;) I played 4 hrs game today and found no unusual heating etc. And people stop using your phone while its being charged, as you know its 4900mAh huge battery and it is getting charged in only 1.5 hrs so its normal to generate some heat. So let it charge peacefully for for 1.5 hrs then you can use it for 2 days without interruption. 
7. Creepy sound coming form home button: Some users complain this bizarre problem, but I didn't found it. May be its unique problem to some devices only. 
Good things about Vibe P1: 
1. Battery: I'm a heavy user, I play games, browse internet over wifi, make long calls. On extreme use by me on this Saturday, it gave me around 24 hrs of backup (includes 4 hours of gaming, 11 hours of Wifi use, 2 hours of call, Few hours of Video playback and other stuff). In normal use it would last 2-2.5 days OR 9-10 hours of Screen on time. 
2. Fast Charging: It Gets full charge in 1.5 hrs, which is superb. Moto X Play also supports fast charging but they haven't provided a fast charger with Moto X play so you have to spend 20k for phone+ Price for charger. Whereas I got my Vibe P1 for 14.5k only. So its value for money. 
3. Fingerprint Scanner: It works very well, with nearly 9:10 successful recognition. You don't have to press power button to wake phone, just put your finger and it will wake+unlock the device. My friend owns iPhone 5S and this Vibe P1 makes his phone ashamed by its fast wake+unlock feature. 
4. Loooooud Speaker: Its too much loud, can wake up the neighbors ;) And the audio output is good too. Also note that the only right grill is for speaker, left grill is for microphone. So if you don't hear sound form left grill, just don't freak out. They give both sides same design to maintain the look of the phone. 
5. Looks: This phone looks so premium like >30k phones by other companies. No one can guess its price by just looking at it. It has full metal body, which is also good to dissipate heat if any generated. 
6. Miscellaneous: This phone does not lag on normal use, heats or anything else. Also note that only top part of back side opens to insert 2 SIMs and 1 microSD card. 
I found no proper review of this phone on any site, but I'm thankful to all users on flipkart for clearing my doubts by their positive reviews. Thanks for bearing with my poor English, but I hope you get all what I wanted to say. 
UPDATE (26 DEC 2015): It fell form my hand (credit goes to its grip less back) while I was on bike, display broken into pieces and looking so ugly, but touch & fingerprint working. The free transparent back cover broken into pieces. Lenovo Service Center will charge 9k for display replacement. So as soon you get this put tempered glass and good quality of back cover to prevent any accidental damage. 


5 stars

 Ragunandan V R

 29 Oct 2015 
 
 Very attractive looks  

 Looks extremely good! and I don't mind the little extra weight, generally like phones on the heavier side, feels robust. 
- Fingerprint is working very well and is a very good addition in this price range.
- First time VIBE UI experience and its not bad and the firmware update gave the option to choose Google style UI as well with app drawer --> So no complaints. Need to dig more on different features like gestures etc.
- Normal electronic goods heating, nothing alarming
- 32 gigs + 32 gigs (SD Card) --> enough space for all the needs
- Screen is excellent
- Camera needs to be tested further 
- The power button is fine but it is shaking a lot. Doesn't feel sturdy. Not sure if it is the case for all.
- Slight lags in apps, here and there --> Can be ignored. Not really a problem 
Overall a great phone for the money and completely satisfied till now. 


5 stars

 Rohit Sahadevan

 29 Oct 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 Overall good. 
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear. 
Good deal. Value for money.  


5 stars

 Prashanth Katti

 30 Oct 2015 
 
 Super Phone  

 Great phone, battery is simply super. Looks great and much like HTC One Series. 
+ Fantastic design
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Lesser SAR values (compared to predecessors)
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery
+ Can be used as a powerbank to other devices.
+ Speaker quality is excellent 
A true multi utility phone, value for money. 


5 stars
Chandra

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Excellent product  

 *I play games on ipad.hence the same not tested. (Do you really think one can play but enjoy games on 7 inch below display?)
Looks its premium 10/10
UI is the best I interacted with so far (lots of buttons free and battery saving options)
Display 10/10 (i exchanged K3 note for P1)
Battery 10/10 ( strictly 1.30 min enough to charge fully from 5%)
Performance No lag or whatever
Heating NIL ( its snapdragon not mediatek processor/ While charging yes it does heat but I don't think there is any device which wont heat up while charging)
Call quality 10/10 (noise cancellation does excellent job) in 2g u will get 3g call quality.2 hrs non-stop active call(no drops,no heating)
Camera (best in day light,even DSLR cant perform in night lights.so dont expect from any phones)
Speaker 10/10 Loud and clear
Fingure print recognition Excellent
Its Dual NANO sim not micro SIM (one tray holding 2 SIMs) and micro SD card slot separate. 
#Battery maintenance.
1. Initially charge and discharge battery 5%-100% for full calibration.I feel,my phone backup is improving.
2.In setting under Power manager, Background app management/ Disable all the apps which you don't want to AUTO START.
3.Try COMFORT mode in settings-Display-Colour balance. It safe for eyes also battery saver. 
**** dont listen to ppl complaining heating,call drop....etc   


5 stars

 Sharf

 28 Oct 2015 
 
 Nice phone to own!  

 Phone's build quality is excellent. Charging completes in no time. Battery backup is good. 32GB storage is good enough. More than 1GB RAM is always available. Excellent fingerprint sensor. Screen resolution is good. Performance is good. No lag. Scores around 40k with Antutu.  
Call quality is good. No signal drop noticed. No issues with Wifi reception. Expected Airtel 4G speeds noticed. 
Rear camera is good but not exceptional. Takes a bit of time to switch from camera to preview and back. Selfie quality is acceptable.  
Comes with a transparent protective shell for the rear part. Screen guard included in package. No headset. 
Feels a bit heavy. Not too slim. Gets warm with moderate to heavy usage. CPU-Z reports more than 50 degree reading sometimes. 
Apply the latest firmware update to get rid of "News Alerts" issue. 
Overall a clean job from Lenovo. Excellent exchange offer from flipkart. Happy customer I am! And so a 5 star.  


5 stars

 ramesh

 28 Oct 2015 
 
 So far so good !!!  

 The phone is just as said in the specs, the highlight of the phone is the fingerprint tech.  
13 mp camera does its work well. But I felt it can do little more better. 
A big 2015 mb update was done. This is first day review. All good as of now, will update later on using the phone to its max :-)  


5 stars

 PINKAL VITHLANI

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Beast in Metal known as Transformer and i know it as VIBE P1  

 I was so lazy to open a laptop and write a review (a honest review) of this phone. After reading all ridiculous comments given by people who gave only 1 star or 2 to this phone, I decided to write my own review. 
Let me start with Cons as we all tech lovers do find cons in any device first. 
1. Support for only few regional languages. No support for Gujarati and Punjabi. Now this can be a deal backer for Gujju as msgs in Gujarati one can not directly read on apps or browser (though can use third party software to read).
2. Lenovo should have given 3 GB RAM. 2 GB RAM is sufficient for day to day activities and even while playing games like Asphalt 8 or etc..
3. Vibe UI. After using MIUI on Yu Yureka, I must say I can't be a fan of any other Custome UI than MIUI (MIUI is the best). Though there is an option to switch to Android UI so not a con but still. 
After heavy usage i could find only these 2 cons (these are not exactly cons also at this price point). 
Now, before i start with Pros, let me clarify few things. 
Nowadays companies do not provide earphones and even if they do people buy 3rd party earphones for good results, so please don't complain that, Lenovo did not provide earphones. 
Let us start with Pros. 
1. Super fast charging. Considering this has 4900 mah battery, The charging time it takes to charge the entire phone is 1 hour and 15mins.
2. Awesome battery back up. I am a heavy user (Almost 3-4 hours of Surfing on 3G/Wifi, 1 hour of watching videos on youtube and 1 hour of playing games). Still battery lasts for atleast 30 hours. I get screen ontime of 7 hours and more.
3. 32 GB Of storage and that too expandable and OTG support is like SONE PE SUHAGA.
4. Fingerprint scanner - works well. An added security measure.
5. 13 MP camera...not best in class but much better at this price point.
6. Call quality - Excellent. Much better than Zenfone 5, Yu Yureka and Samsung E5 (I own these hence can compare).
7. Sound - Speaker is very very loud. Trust me guys after using Yu Yureka, Zenfone 5, Samsung E5, Samsung Grand 2 and Lumia 1320, 535 and 625, I must say the sound is pretty loud.
9. 5.5 Inch Full HD display.
10. Gorilla glass protection plus FREE Back cover and display film.
11. No HEATING issue. I read comments on review that, there are heating issues. Trust me guys i tested myself after playing cricket for 30 mins, Asphalt 8 for 1 hour and played 1080p videos on youtube for more than 1 hour continuously and i could not find any heating issue. Though phone gets heated while charging but that's little. Further, if you use back cover than you won't fell that as well.
12. An awesome feature of OTG charging, with this u can charge others phone. This phone will work as POWER BANK.
13. Last but not the least, Full Metal body with awesome look. 
Guys, you can go for this device if you are always on the go and looking for better battery back up, as this phone comes with 32 GB of internal storage (plus expandable) you can store many movies and can enjoy your journey without standing in long lines for charging phones. 


5 stars

 Srigiri Mahadevan

 28 Oct 2015 
 
 Beast in the range  

 This is the review on the first day of the phone.,  
Shape - Very good than expected.
Weight - compatible
Screen - Wide and clear ( I am iphone user before, I feel touch is good as it) 
At first felt had to remove slipslot :) then all fine. 
Nice phone ( more than expected for the price)
Giving 4 star for now., After full usage probably can give 5. 


5 stars
Kumar Gaurav Rastogi

 29 Oct 2015 
 
 Shandaar Zindabad Zabardast!  

 What a phone! What specs! Super awesome and I am so happy...gets charged with lightening speed and gets discharged like a tortoise. Once fully charged, this phone gave me 8 hrs of continuous game play. No heating issue. Its a powerhouse!  
If long battery is your priority then this one is at the top of the food chain. 




#############################PAGE-1#####################################
5 stars

 Naresh Pattikunta

 29 Oct 2015 
 
 Dream Phone  

 All mobile companies announcing Flagship mobiles with new features but not mobile think they have to give Big battery for Bigger Phones. 1st Xolo Q3000 Did This...Asus Zenfone 2 mentioned that they boost master charging technology but they failed to charge mobile faster. 
Now come to Lenovo Vibe P1 - Battery Capacity 5000 Mah
charging Time Max 1 Hour 10 Min only
Big Screen with Dual 4G 
This mobile successed in the Market.. NO 2nd Though go for it 
Pros : 
Big Battery
Big Screen
Big Sound
Small Simm (Nano)
Dual 4G
Phone it self  
Cons : Display should be more sharpness  


4 stars

 Arun

 30 Oct 2015 
 
 no heating issue  

 1)charges quickly as said
2) no heating (though heats while charging)
3) fingerprint scanner is awesome
4) camera is ok
5) battery life comes around a day and half
6) screen is bright
7)stunner look than yu see in images
8) ram could have been 3gb
9) Default android launcher comes handy as i dont like iphone like launcher.
10) all flagship features are there like nfc, fingerprint,quick charging, full hd display,huge battery (Except camera it is ok like 10k range phones)
11)mates got a complementary display film and clear back case
Go for it, yu wont hesitate after (if the average camera is ok for yu...) 


1 star
Kishore Ahire

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Never buy this mobile  

 Worst product regularly hanging, contact manager is not working, never buy this mobile 


5 stars

 Vaibhav Chithore

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 A PERFECT HONEST REVIEW EVERYTHING U NEED 2 KW  

 Hey Guys..... 
Now I have been using LENOVO VIBE P1 from more than two weeks and I have used it in every way From Hardcore Gaming to long term calling. 
First of all I have bought it for 15999 from flipkart itself... 
Dilevery was Good sooner than expected Packing was also good... 
Before going for this phone I was searching for almost 3 months and finally was confused between One plus x and LENOVO VIBE P1 And believe me guys this phone is much better than any of the phone you can get under 20k. 
Comming to the experience 
First of all the design is Really Really awesome it have Killer Classic look and the Finger print Scanner is Really Really Awesome (Even Better than one plus 2 it's quicker and better)  
The speakers are really loud and clear..... In fact too much loud 
Secondly the battery backup is Superb you know what guys I have used many many smartphones but the battery was the biggest problem it really matters a lot. The battery backup of this phone is magical it's like never draining big fan of it now I really feel free anytime anywhere with my phone.  
The Vibe Customization is Awesome NO OTHER PHONE OFFERS SO MANY FUNCTIONS AT THIS RANGE.... IT HAVES EVERYTHING ANYONE CAN EVEN IMAGINE AT THIS PRICE. BEST CUSTOMIZATION I HAVE EVER SEEN COMPARED WITH ALL PHONES.  
Charging takes maximum 1 HOUR 20 MINS.. You can charge other phones with it and battery won't drain fast even after its great...  
Screen is very very sharp and perfect... . Every detail you can see so smooth and instant touch...  
1.5 Ghz Octacore Snapdragon 615 is enough for everything.. .. 
Everything Runs So smoothly like butter... ( I have encountered some lags but these all are normal and you won't even notice it... Probably because I have installed more than 100 applications which runs all the time in background.... But it even copes that and gives best experience) 
U have almost 1.2 GB extra ram to use which is really really awesome.. 
32 GB internal is Great u get almost 23 GB to use...  
Camera - I have read so many reviews about it but believe me most of the people simply don't know how to use the camera I captured crystal clear images and focusing is Awesome like Sony.... Both cameras are awesome don't worry about that (the initial blurring problem has been solved in the update)  
The weight is slightly more but it deserves it 5000 mah battery and metallic body.... 
The upper cover for Sim card and memory card is a bit hard to remove and fit but once you are done shhhh.....  
The Network WiFi and Bluetooth works really fast most latest software and perfect...  
OVERALL I DIDN'T FOUND ANY MINOR OR MAJOR PROBLEM IN IT I HAVE USED IT FOR EVERYTHING CONTINUOUSLY... 
INFACT IT'S MUCH BETTER THAN ALL THE PHONES IN EVERYWAY.... 
AS A HONEST CUSTOMER I WOULD IMAGINE MYSELF AT YOUR PLACE AND SUGGEST YOU TO SIMPLY GO FOR IT. 
NO OTHER PHONE WILL GIVE YOU SO MUCH AT THIS PRICE  
Just install all the three updates as soon as you buy the phone.... 
Have a blast :-) 


5 stars

 Harsha Vardhan

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Best Phone for Look, Security & Battery life  

 After a huge research, i bought this phone. Before buying this phone, i have ordered K3 Note -> i faced some issues like auto switching flashlight when i try to answer a call, when i drag it from my pocket & some signal connectivity issues. But k3 note performance is above awesome. Anyway due to above issues and mainly heating issue. So i returned that phone and made a refund from Flipkart after usage of 23 days. 
Now coming to present, about this Vibe P1. This is a very Good phone for those who want their phone to look premium, & for those who consider security i.e, Fingerprint sensor(Very fast compared to iphone) and future life(NFC). And mainly the battery capacity(Awesome). 
I am going to say about cons only. No pros, because if you are going to buy this phone, you should get stabilize from these cons. 
Cons:
- Rear cam(13mp) is not soo good but above average. But, Noticed good in better light.
- Taking little bit more time to load games like Real racing 3. But while plagying there is no lag at all(upto now) & fps is also good. Only loading time is taking a bit more than k3 note. 
Best Pros:
- very fast Fingerprint sensor than iphone
- Jumbo Battery 
Myths & Truths & Others:
-> Many people said that phone is a heating machine. Yes, i agree with them but with past software. After upgrading phone to latest firmware, it completely solved this problem. Just now got another 38mb update. I also updated to it, may be they released for s/w stability.
-> People also said that Phone is heating while charging. Lets talk directly face to face, a phone having this much of battery capacity of 5000mah & having a feature of rocket charging, will heat definetly but it wont burn your phone. If anyone wants to argue with me any one word regarding this issue. i just say them to dont buy this phone, it would be better for lenovo and flipkart and other users too.
-> Many of them said Lenovo UI is the worst. Yes, i accept it. But you have an option to choose Android UI. If you are not satisfied with Android UI also, then just install a launcher like nova or hola etc. You design according to your usage.
-> some of them said, gets Heat while playing. Yes, it will. This is not a big device like PC or laptop to be in cool position, even if you do anything to it. This is an era of huge ram and processor usage. A phone with even 1gb ram also will heat while you play high end games. But not that much heating is observed in this device, like k3 note. K3 note just heats like pan, if we play. 
Comparison:
k3 note -> K3 note heats even in standby mode(Irritated me alot), I didnt see any heating in vibe p1 while in standby and also in normal apps usage like whatsapp, browsing, videos etc.(Not gaming) i didnt experienced any heating. If you dont consider about huge heating also, then Go for k3 note.
One Plus X -> Good phone with its peak performance(2.3 ghz snapdragon 801-quad core & 3 gb ram) but vibe p1 stabilized it by having huge battery and fingerprint sensor+NFC. If you are a camera lover go for One plus x, it has 13 mp & 8 mp with good picture quality. 


1 star

 Rohit Kumar

 14 Nov 2015 
 
 Replaced set is not in mood.  

 I received my lenovo vibe p1. But unfortunately other than phone there wasn't any accessory in the box. I was shocked. 
But thanks to Flipkart. Without any argue or mess, they told me that they will be replacing the product. 
Now Important points to be noted about Vibe P1:
*Best Battery Backup
*Premium build quality 
*Bit heavy due to metal build. 
*Ram Should have been 3gb. 
*Heats a lot if u r continuously performing a task. I don't know about heat at the charging time as i m using a Xiaomi Charger. 
*Fingerprint scanner works 7/10 times.(Coolpad is better) 
*Lots of accessories, don't noe how they r. 
*Earphones not included. 
*Fingerprint app unlocking isn't present like the cheaper Coolpad note 3. 
Lenovo has done a great job but they should think about some factors that is letting this phone underpowered. 
The Factors affecting the phone
*Heating issue should be resolved. 
*Done some gaming and it even lags in Fifa 14. I don't know why?? 
*Worst Camera sensor. Even my Redmi 1s,(a 6k phone launched an yr ago) clicks better picture.This can be a strong reason for many people to return the phone and ask for a refund. 
Will update u after i get a replacement set. 
Thank You.  
Update to Replaced set on 14/11/2015: 
Using phone with a sim. 
Charged for around 2 hrs and still it hasn't reached 100%.I think it has some battery problem. 
Heating a lot at approx 104.6 Fahrenheit. 
Switched off phone around 4-5 times as its hanging a lot. 
Will check one more day. If it doesn't get okk, then i will ask for replacement.   


5 stars
sachuu

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 very nice competitor for OPT  

 really this smartphone is very good. i played lots of games & browsing. go for it. battry is long lasting. not to much heavy for handling. one hand screen is supereb. will update my review afer few days..enjoy....happy diwali to all .... 


5 stars

 Anup Pradhan

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Killer of Flagship Killers  

 Ok. A few complaints noticed everywhere in the web. 
Here is my review after "Very HEAVY" use for a complete day. 
+ Nice feel. Sturdy.
+ Longggggg Battery life
+ Quick Charge (Quickest I have seen, being enthusiast of smartphones and owning a number of them)
+ Comes with a Screen Guard (Few complaints about bubbles, pl take it to some experienced shops for applying, or else use some debit/credit card to apply. i have done myself and no Bubbles, Perfect Fit)
+ Rear cover
+ Lightening fast. No Lag at all. Played games like COC, Boom beach, Asphalt,with in between switching to Hike and Whatsapp, Texts etc. No lag. (Believe me guys, even Iphone 6S lags more than this)
+ No over heating. (those who are complaining about overheating, please ensure network reception strength, if you are on Mobile data) for over heating while charging, make sure your Electrical socket is designed for mobile charge. I felt some warmth, say 40-42 degrees at max while my device was being charged from 15%. Even it got say 4-5 Degrees warmer when i played COC for atleast 20 mins while recharging. 
Though some cons I noticed- 
- Camera could have been better for low light conditions. Its above par in daylight.
- Not really "Infinite Edge" as boasted by Lenovo. 
People complaining about Headphones----- You guys have TWO eyes, read what is IN THE BOX under Specifications category before placing order. (I don't know who still uses factory supplied headphones for music purpose) 
Please update as soon as you get the phone.  
Update process: 1. Connect to network. Do not change any settings.
2. Go to Play Store.
3. Update all available apps
4. Do a complete reboot
5. Upgrade firmware. 
Buy this. Dont miss. You will regret if you do. 


3 stars

 Arun

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Good phone for mid range users  

 Would like to review the product after 1 week of usage..
- The product delivered very next day of the order placement. Thanks to flipkart
- The box contain a charger (with the cable which can used as USB cable aswell), screen guard, OTG adapter and user manual with warranty card.
Battery
 As mentioned in various review, the batter is 4900 mAh which is awesome. The mobile when unpacked it is with 35% charge and after normal usage of 1.5 hrs the battery drained to 20%. I plugged in the charger and mobile reaches the 100% charging in 1 hr 10 mins (in switched off condition). Hope this is good enough speed. The charging get stopped automatically once the charges reaches 100%. I can experience noticeable amount of heat when charging (should be approx 55 degree Celsius).
The charge withstand for 24 hours with normal usage for internet (with wifi), mid and low level games.
Camera
The camera, do not have too many features. It has only Normal, panorama, HDR. The camera quality is good enough in natural and bright light. But is low and very low light we can see too many distortions with flash. The picture quality when transferred to PC was with normal pixilation and good color saturation (when the picture is zoomed to 150% we can see too many pixilation). Also the image which is takem with 2X zoom is also with lot of distortion.
The front camera, also produce good selfie in natural light. The picture quality is ok in normal room light. It is good enough for skype chat.
 The overall camera quality is good but not excellent and this phone is not for photo / selfie lovers.
Features
There are many features like, finger print locking, double tap wake up screen, double press volume key to take picture, make screen smaller for one hand use, floating button short cut keys, flip to sleep, flip to mute, smart answering call, voice input, voice command (in google) and much more, which all makes the phone smart.
Other things like, Call quality Touch and smoothness of the phone is good.
In general this phone is good enough for low range users and it is good value of money in mid range spec phone.   


1 star

 A GAUTAM KUMAR

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 Don't buy from Flipkart, Its supplying local product.  

 I purchased a Lenovo vibe P1 mobile from Flipkart​ about one month earlier. Phone was defective as it was heating too much and accessories was also missing. Flipkart replaced my mobile with new one but this replaced mobile is worst from my earlier mobile, current mobile is giving more problem than earlier. It got heated too much after a little use and hanging also. As its battery is 5000mAh but battery backup is not satisfactory, it performing like battery of lower capacity.  
Overall this phone is performing like a local Chinese mobile phone that was purchased from local street.  
Only money back is not sufficient, Flipkart should provide original and best quality product. Flipkart was a trusted seller but now it is loosing its image. 




#############################PAGE-2#####################################
2 stars

 Ashwin Karthi

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Don't buy Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Pros: Very good finger print scanner. Premium look metal finish. Very good packing. Fast charging. 32 GB internal storage. 
Cons: poor camera, pixelated images videos. Lots of heating while charging, battery drained sooner than assured.
I charged from 0 to 100%, but in vain.
I felt may be my mobile device is faulty.
I read all reviews and saw Sharmaji channel hence bought it thinking mobile device would be good but no, vibe P1 is not worth Rs. 16,000. 
Don't buy it. I returned the mobile phone.  


2 stars
Vijay Sriram

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 My feedback after 1month of usage  

 Phone is priced at decent rate compared to the specs. Battery performance was good in early days. But phone used to shutdown automatically when the charging level falls below 30%. A reset resolved the issue. Fast charging adapter performed well for first 20 days. According to my obeservations 1% to 40% took 45min and 40% to 100% took 10min. very impressed to see 4900MAh battery recharged in 1hr.This was the case in early days. But these days,it became even worse. 1 whole night charging didn't reached the 100% mark(from 8%). Tried resetting the phone. No change in charging performance. I am leaving it whole night in charging.  
Here are my other observations.
Phone some times showed lag with the opening/switching in between apps.
People complained about hearing their own voice while in call with speaker enabled. 
Front camera performance is very poor in Video calls when used with Hangouts.
Cannot redial the last received or dialled number, directly using Bluetooth headset's call button. Need to manually unlock the phone and have to dial using the phone's keypad.   


5 stars

 Gunjandeep Khera

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 MIM - Monster in Metal  

 Been a few days since I have had my phone: Flipkart - Late shipping but timely delivery.
Getting on to the phone: 
If you are a Layman: my one line review is : I am really happy with the purchase I made. 
If you are a techie like me Read on: 
Free RAM: 800-950 MBs. THe UI is heavy, but still, flows like a breeze, Asphalt etc work like a charm.
Display: Good sharpness, Its not QHD, but lets be honest , I dont think our eyes can distinguish much past 400ppi.
Fingerprint Scanner: Excellent, response & accuracy. Need a built in app for locking other apps through Fingerprint. But you can get one on the Playstore anyways.
Internal Memory : LOADS... I still have in excess of 16GBs empty. no worries there. Well and a few Gigs on my Mem card to add to it.
Call Quality: Good signal reception, no noticed call drops. Voice quality - Flawless, superb noise cancellation.
Camera: The camera color reproduction is really accurate, Decently good details in images. For Manual controls get "BETTER CAMERA" from playstore.
Fr Camera: Not a big fan of selfies, but still, the camera works ok in good lighting conditions.
Heating issues: Get the latest Firmware update.
Looks: Looks like HTC One series, that's not bad at all.
Sound: Keep your ears AWAY from the loudspeaker grille. Excellent volume levels.Good frequency response using any decent pair of headphones ( I use Sony).
And Last but not the least: 
BATTERY: MONSTROUS. Super fast charging and laaaasts over 2 days to me. (I used to charge my iPhone twice daily). 
Only complaint: Lenovo, you could have given us another GB of RAM, maybe charged 500-1000/- extra for it. Would have been a dream phone. 


5 stars

 vinoth krishnan

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Wonderful Phone with A class specs.  

 I have been using this phone for last 4 days. It is really amazing phone.
Pros : 
Excellent display.
Excellent fingerprint recognition
Good camera.
NFC available.
Power mode invention is like another small phone inside your big phone.
Biggggg battery. 
Cons :
Heating of phone while charging. May be some software update required.
Nothing more to mention here. 
Final:
In this price range no one can give a phone like this..  


4 stars

 Kj Vignesh Varun

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Moneys worth  

 Looking at the features , i was hypnotized , one day using phone charges fast , display and performance good for money payed , camera quality blurry if not held correctly,feels easy to hold premium feel , flipkart delivered fast but delivery guy left my package at hub so had to pick it up myself ,......... 


5 stars

 Shivaram K R

 30 Oct 2015 
 
 Amazing phone  

 I was waiting for this phone from 2 months. It has huge battery! Dual sim, 4G, FHD display and decent processor. The side switch increases the battery life by 2 times. I just got the mobile today. I am really liking it. Will do full review after a week. 
After 10 days of Use: I normally don't care about writing reviews but for this phone I am taking the trouble of updating my review. It has ultimate battery. I get 3 to 4 days with full charge with moderate use. With heavy use I get 2 days. Charging takes 1.5 hrs at max with the charger which is provided. Everything works as expected. I put a 64 Gb memory into it, now I feel I have PC in my hand. Speed is good and doesn't heat up. Finger print scanner works well. I am recommending this phone to all my friends and family. 


5 stars

 Abhishek Tripathi

 30 Oct 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone with ultimate features  

 No call drops.
Good wifi connectivity.
screen resolution is good. 
overall awesome features with the best price tag. 


1 star

 chandru

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 waste  

 really lenovo p1 is a waste mobile for 15999, its hanging, heating, automatically charge is reducing while in the pocket . this mob will gud for the person who use the android mobile first 


5 stars

 Mani Deepak Go...

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Review by OP2 user on Vibe P1  

 Wow i felt very happy by returning my OP2 due to some camera bug. 
After so much of filtering i finally got vibe p1. 
1. Vibe P1(accept 2 fingers) fingerprint sensor is more responsive than OP2(accept 5 fingers).
2. OP2 takes 2hours 45min(for 3300mAh) for full charge but vibe p1 takes 1:15min(for 4900mAh).
3. Vibe P1 is just 15,999(I got it for only 14,399 in diwali sale), OMG while cmg to OP2 25k is not enough additionally invite is needed. 
Thanks lot for Lenovo keeping fingerprint sensor on the front side of the phone not on the back. 


3 stars

 PRAVEEN KUMAR

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Review after 24 Hr & After 12 days of usage  

 After 12days of usage: 
1. Batter is not as expected. Charging is very fast.
2. Display is cool, sensor is awesome.
3. Wifi connectivity is fast ( few times experienced no signal/poor performance).
4. Audio ouput is good in Both Headset and speaker.
5. Look is good.
6. battery drying fast when using 2g data.
7. Call quality is good. ( ppl told they cant able to connect me) 
will update after a month. 
After 24hrs of usage: 
I already own a lenovo P780, A536 & A2010 and fan of lenovo battery. 
ordered blindly because of 5000 mah battery and finger print. 
As of now i disappointed in these things below 
1. Poor Rear camera ( full grains and blur)
2. Display is not bright ( average)
3. taught dual speaker, but fount one of it was MIC ( y to keep that many holes for mic ?) 
will write review after a week, pls wait till that 




#############################PAGE-3#####################################
1 star

 Nadeem Latheef V

 20 Jan 2016 
 
 Dont Buy Lenovo !!!  

 I got this Phone as a gift from my brother. 
The service by Flipkart was superb. I got the phone quickly and in excellent condition. 
Its been just 21 days, and my phone is already given to the service center :( The phone is not charging, mcro USB is not working and has a hell lot of bugs. Dont know when will I get it repaired :( 


5 stars

 Aniket

 02 Jan 2016 
 
 My first Android phone  

 My first Android and touchscreen phone after using BlackBerry for 3 years. Was searching for a good mid-range android phone and saw this phone being launched. Bought it and now I'm using this since last 2 months. 
Well, I must say at first I was a bit sceptical about buying a lenovo phone. But after using it for some time, I now know it is a very good quality phone and at par with the very best. 
Good looks, awesome battery, excellent touch. Camera quality is also good as compared to phones in the same range. I'm also using two sims on this and working great so far. Overall I play games, watch movies, listen to music and surf on WiFi and haven't experienced any lag or any heating issue so far. Gets charged in an hour. OTG is available. Comes with a screen guard and a protective case. 
I'm very much satisfied and would easily recommend this phone. Thanks Lenovo and Flipkart. 


5 stars

 Harsh Rathore

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Every smartphone may not be smart...this one is :)  

 You may already have idea about the major pros like rocket charge, big battery, fingerprint etc and some cons like heavy, ram must be 3 gb etc. I would share my personal experience with vibe p1. I have been using this phone for past one month. 
- I Usually charge my phone around 65%. I get more than 1 day backup with 3 to 3.5 hours of net surfing, hike, linkdin over 3g and 1.5 hous of calling. 
- Yesterday, my phone fell down from a height of 1.5 feet. Thanks to the plastic back cover (which lenovo provided) and gorilla glass 3 that no damage happened (though it scared the hell out of me :D ) 
- Charging takes 1 hour 10 mins from 10 to 95% and 25 mins from 95 to 100%. I dont know if its normal or not but its still fast for me. 
- Yes the camera is not upto the mark in low light conditions but it serves the purpose in natural lighting. selfies are good and clear. I went to a hill station and took photos from my phone. My friends found it clear and vibrant..even the size of photos ranges from 2.5 to 3.5mb. 
-The small features like flip to sleep, cast screen and secure zone are very helpful. I even like the Vibe UI as its different and cool ( looks similar to iphone). Call quality, Loudness of speakers are very good. Even the minimum volume of reciever is very loud. 
-One thing which i would like lenovo to add in this phone is a good music player. You may need to download a third party app ( i use vlc) to play audios. 
- I downloaded Real Racing 3 to check the gaming performance. No lags were found while gaming. Graphics were really clear and performance was smooth. The max temperature i recorded was 36 degrees after 45 mins of gameplay. 
- The phone doesn't heat except while charging- around 42 degrees but cools down quickly after charge. I even noticed the minimum temperature if you doesn't use the phone for an hour which was 19 degrees. 
- In my one month usage, the phone hanged about 4-5 times for about 3 seconds. which i guess is pretty normal. 
- After restarting you get around 1250 mb ram free. Enough for me to do regular tasks. 
- I haven't found bloatwares in vibe p1. Almost all pre-installed apps are very helpful like share-it, sync-it, evernote, cam-scanner etc. 
Overall.. this is really a worth buy product. Its an eye-candy and different from the other phones in this segment. People will really notice the metal you have in your hand ;) . Even the SAR value of the phone is very low (cherry on the cake). Considering what it offers rather than what is does not and the price which you pay for it...i give it 5 stars. 
Harsh Rathore
ps: I am not a hardcore gamer. Do download all the necessary updates before you use it.   


5 stars

 Vinothkumar Ga...

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone with lots of perks  

 I bought this phone for my dad and it is a good investment. 
Was trying to compare this with moto g3 turbo but this phone dwarfs it by many miles. 
I was surprised to know how a company that owns moto can produce superior phone than moto under this price and still people could not compare the difference and buy inferior phone like moto g 
Granted the price is about Rs.3000 higher but the extras you get are worth the money you pay. 
Here are the positives of this phone. 
1. Amazing battery with normal use will last for 2 - 2.5 days, Moto will dye in 12 - 18 hours under normal use.
2. Brightness - Once super brightness is enabled then this can be compared with other phone display. 
3. Super Charging: Moto and Lenova gives super charging so nothing to compare but to add a point Lenova charges it under 1.5 hours. For 5000 mAh battery this is amazing. 
4. Features: It got everything from wifi, gps, 4G both sim (Compared to moto G3, which got only on 4G and other needs to be GSM), NFC (No NFC in Moto G), all other nitty bitty things that moto doesnt have. 
5. Other features: 
- Larger screen than moto g3, no heating issues after updating to latest firmware.
- Processor speed: Here people got to realize that for a normal business user, this carry the speed that is more than enough for regular use. If processor is the real requirement then they have to go for >30K higher phone. 
- 2 GB RAM more than enough for normal use. 
- 80% of the people use apps like FB, Whatsapp or social media for 80% of time, so no use having extras by investing >30K. 
Overall this is the best phone for the price you pay so go ahead and get it. 


5 stars
Veena

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 The best phone with best specifications  

 First of all thanks to flipkart for delivering the mobile just within 3 days. That is quite fast. 
Now coming to the mobile, I have no word to say other thank 'Excellent'. 
Below is my review on the phone after using it for 3 days.
Weight & look - Not too heavy. Sleek and feels good to hold.
Display - Crisp display. For the people complaining about brightness, there exists a super brightness mode, setting to which you will never complain on the display.
Finger print scanner - It can record 2 finger prints and works perfect 99% of the time.
Heating up of phone - phone gets heated up during first charging. But after the sw update, phone just warms up during charging. Not an issue at all.  
Battery - This is what I like the most. Phone charges within 45 mins from 0 to 100%. And discharges at tortoise pace. With internet on and medium browsing the charge lasted for 2 days for me.  
Power saver button - This is really good. When one is not using internet, better to switch to this mode. U could keep 6 basic functions active in this mode. Battery life is further increased in this mode.
Overall love this phone.  
Display - Good outdoor pictures but not so good indoor pictures. 
Overall best phone for the price. I bet you will NOT regret after buying it. 


5 stars

 santhosh kumar

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 EXCELLENT PHONE FOR 15K  

 I ordered this phone on 26th nov 2015 and got it one day after.Excellent service from Flipkart.I appreciate that first.Coming to the phone,as far as i have used it from the day i recieved it (1 day use) im giving my review 
PROS:
1)STYLISH DESIGN
2)IT COMES WITH A GOOD LOOKING TRANSPARENT BACK COVER
3)GOOD BATTERY BACKUP ( for normal phone use it surely will last for 2 days sure)
4)SUPERFAST CHARGING (I drained the charge to 18% and charged it i took just 1hr 10 mins to get fully charged,thats amazing)
5)FINGER PRINT SCANNER WORKS SUPERB 9.5/10 FOR THAT
6)CAMERA (front & rear) BOTH EXCELLENT QUALITY (its better than what a 15k phone requires)
7)SUFFICIENT RAM TO WORK FASTER (till now i experienced no lag)
8)POWERFUL FLASH LIGHT
9)HAS A LOT OF STORAGE (25GB available internal memory since the software takes 7GB for it) IT IS MORE THAN SUFFICIENT.
10)HAS A LOT OF COOL PREINSTALLED APPS IN IT (WPS OFFICE,COMPASS,PDF READER,CAMCARD,CAMSCANNER,THRASH CLEANER,....they all work great)
11)VIDEO AND SOUND QUALIY ARE SUPERB!!!
12)USING DEBIT CARD I GOT IT FOR ₹15199. FOR THIS PRICE RANGE IT IS CURRENTLY THE BEST PHONE IN THE MARKET.(I HAVE COMPARED ALL BEFORE BUYING THIS ONE)
13)NO HEATING PROBLEM.(i saw many people here commented about it but as far as i have used it there is no heating issue,it got a little hot while it was charging for the first time.But didn't get hot during the second charging) IT WORKS WELL. 
CONS:
1)ONCE U RECIEVE THE PHONE YOU HAVE TO DO A SYSTEM UPDATE FOR 215 MB
2)IT ACCEPTS ONLY NANO SIMS
3)NON REMOVABLE BATTERY(we cant open the battery cover) 
MY COMPARISON:
Before buying this phone i have compared it with all phones and found that this was the best in the market for this price range.(All other phones have something less than this) 
MY SUGGESTION: 
U CAN REALLY BUY THIS PHONE ITS AN EXCELLENT WORTH FOR YOUR MONEY 


5 stars

 Prince Champap...

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Pretty Decent change from the iPhone 6  

 Moved from my iPhone 6 to this (I'm an android developer now, so needed android), and I must say I kinda feel cheated by Apple now @_@. 
This phone does almost everything better than my iPhone 6 did. 
Pros: 
1-Call quality - better than iPhone 6, incoming voice is loud and clear
2-Cell and WiFi range - Better than iPhone - WiFi boost feature seems amazing need to test if its a gimmick or not.
3-Finger Print Scanner - Faster than iPhone but only allows 2 fingers to be registered (I didn't notice a limit on the iPhone, had over 7)
4-OMG battery !!!. . . INSANE. . my heartfelt admiration to lenovo for this. Fast Charge is brilliant, it heats up a little during fast charge , but the iPhone used to get more heated during a simple phone call so i wouldn't worry about that. Lasts a good 1 and half day with 4G active and regular use. 
5-Lolipop 5.1.1 - the latest official offering from google, not many bloatware from lenovo, nice and clean UI
6- 32gb internal memory is a nice feature for android. Most old phones offer 8gb or 16gb internal and expandable. Most apps(9gag,facebook,youtube) tend to save data on internal storage so this gets filled up quickly.
7-Performance- i was skeptical of the Qualcomm 615, but it has not failed me so far. No lag no crash, just pure awesomness. 
Cons:
1-Screen Brightness- even though its FHD and display and touch response is nice . . . the brightness is nowhere close to that of IPS panel phones or Retina display. even indoors u feel its a bit dull.
2-camera - LOL . . . 2010 called, they want t heir rejected cameras back !! . . seriously horrible camera. I'm not much of a selfie freak , so i didn't care much about this, just an FYI.
3-Mono speaker - sound quality is below average , but loudness is pretty good. You will definitely hear it ring from the corner of ur house , but you shall never use the phone speaker to play any kind of music. . it sux bad :P
4- I dunno if its because of the phone noise cancellation issue or just google issue -, but voice recognition is ultra crap. Siri recogonizes everything i saw , google now is almost always wrong @_@ 
My verdicts is that its an awesome phone for people who need a lot of battery and dont really care about camera. If u tend to watch movies on your phone then u should give this a pass aswell. Apart from that this is a brilliant device. 


5 stars

 Suresh Warrier

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Big, Heavy & Classy, top features & an awesome battery  

 I have migrated from a QWERTY Blackberry more than five years old. In the interim I have purchased Samsung ( a couple of years back) and REDMI Note 4G (a couple of months back) for my family. It was time to change mine. 
One of my key criteria was that the phone should look classy and professional (5 stars for this in the Lenovo Vibe P1). I have quite a few banking apps on my phone and need protection and the fingerprint scanner along with the pin facility provide me this support (5 stars for this too). I use Google Maps whenever I need to reach a destination and for long drives prefer to keep it on at all times which means a big draw on battery unless I power it continuously during the drive, the awesome battery takes adequate care of a full day use without recharging (5 starts for this too). 
4G capability is a must now in any phone and this is one of the first companies (lenovo) to launch a range of 4G capable devices (5 stars for this too). 
Obviously I needed the most technologically advanced phone available at an equitable value for money pricing and with its processor, operating system and user interface, the phone subscribes to this requirement adequately (5 stars for this too). 
I am quite happy to overlook some of the cons (size, weight, heating etc.) because overall I would still rate it at 5/5 stars. 


3 stars

 Sushanth M

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Looks great but heating problem  

 After 100 hours of use
Pros
1. Looks like premium phone.
2. Finger print response is great.
3. Screen and touch response is also very good.
4. Android 5.1 and vibe UI both are nice.
5. Call quality is very good.
6. Speakers are loud enough. 
Cons
1. Battery 5000mah hears good but drains very quickly.Almost 10% every hour if phone is not in use.
2. Heats up while on call and temperature some times more than 65 degree.
3. Heats up too much while charging, specially when phone is on. Some times notification is displayed saying "Battery temperature too high, please disconnect charger.
4. Everyday i wake up and see my mobile is switched off, and when i switch on still battery remaining 25%. 
Had been to authorized service center and they suggested me to replace as even they felt its more heating than normal. 
Exchange request has been raised. Hoping there will be replacement with good new phone. 
If the above issues are solved then will rate it 5star as all other things are very good. Very happy with the build, looks and specs. 


4 stars

 Sanket Shirodkar

 14 Nov 2015 
 
 Amazing endurance good value Phone  

 Hello Friends, 
I own a HTC desire 820 dual sim which could have been a perfect device if not for the battery drain so i was looking for a new device. I received this phone on Tue 10th Nov 2016 and here are some observations. 
- Exceptional Battery Backup - I spotted this phone on GSM Arena way back in Sept when it was announced while doing phone search with the battery capacity of above 3500 mah. True to its specs the phone performs as per expectations of a 5000 mah battery. With Heavy usage which included calling 30% of the time, SMS and Whatsapp 40 % of the time, , Fb 10% of the time and 20 % standby I could get 11 hrs of screen on time. Comparing it with one plus 2 i could get 3.5 hrs and on my desire 820 i could get 2.5 hrs max(all the time wifi and 3g data were on in all three devices). So exceptional and satisfies my purpose. 
- Good Loud clear sound though as not good as HTC boom sound but it hardly matters. I can now hear my phone ringing on my bullet which was not possible earlier when i had to depend on vibration which was anyway cancelled out by the vibration on the bullet. I ended up missing calls while riding 90% of the time. 
-Good screen quality- I have put it on super brightness mode as i don't have to worry about power. In the normal mode the screen is not effective in sunlight. No problems with super brightness mode. 
- Good metallic feel and feels good to hold. Lenovo has not compromised on built quality this time around. I would like to point out that i have removed the plastic case given by lenovo as it gives a bulky feel to the phone with plastic case. without the plastic case it feel perfect to hold. 
- Unlike many of the reviews here i have not experienced any heating issues during my regular usage of 3 days days now. Also i have no idea of how the phone feels when we play games on it as i use my phone strictly for calling, messaging and internet. I have a ps3 and a PC for satisfying my gaming desires at home. It only feels slightly warm during charging but thats ok for me as i let the phone charge peacefully. If you keep interrupting the phone while charging then the charging takes place slowly. without interruptions i was able to charge the phone from 4% to 100 % in slightly less than 1 and 15 mins. 
- On the software front the vibe ui is difficult and the icons etc feel like that of a sub 10K phone. I installed Nova launcher and i am back to the stock android ui. With the nova launcher the phone interface feels goods but it does lack the crispiness of Oneplus 2 and desire 820. Over time i think i will get over it, as the benefits far exceed these minor hickups. 
- I dont use the camera much, other than the occasional selfies or sunset pics but in my opinion it does the job of taking clear pics with minimum noise. 
- One bug i found out which i would like the lenovo developers to address is when sim 1 and sim 2 is active and i select sim 2 as default to make calls and sms, then suppose i disable sim 2 and then re enable it does not go back to sim 2 for making calls. This was possible with one plus 2 and Desire 820. Lenovo developers please address this issue. Its a minor fix that can be implemented immediately. 
This is a good value phone with exceptional battery backup, good sound and screen quality which made me return my oneplus 2. 




#############################PAGE-4#####################################
5 stars
Sairam Sridhar

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 Best Phone for the Price  

 After using it for 4 days i am writing this review......this phone is awesome. I am a gaming freak and with 5000mah battery and snapdragon processor i play game for hour. i play games like Motal Kombat, asphalt8 and Fifa 16 there is no lag and there is no heating issue. Camera is good as per price and to enhance it download Camera MX from playstore. Finger Print scan is awesome. I am a heavy user still the battery last for a day and on mid usage the battery last for 2 days. Overall i am satisfied with the phone for its budget. I would recommend buyer to buy it. 


5 stars

 RadhaKrishna E...

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 After buying this phone, i forgot about charging the phone daily.. on medium usage, getting two days battery, with 4G, Wi-Fi.. Very good product. Satisfied. 5 stars. 


5 stars

 yunus saleem

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Great phone for affordable price.  

 Best thing about the phone 
1 > Fingerprint sensor .
2 > Battery back up is good (goes on to 3 days using 2g)
3> Large screen (Good viewing angles)
4> Smooth transition between the apps (No lag)
5> 4G ,great speed if you have 4G services.
6> Good design .(lot of memory space and addition memory slot )
7> OTG support , NFC (all features packed in the phone)
Overall good phone for 15 K. 
Cons. 
People says its heavy, but its just 20 Grams more to the pocket but getting 2-3 days back up not an issue. 
If you are looking for durability please go ahead and order the phone .!! 


5 stars

 Vinod

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Thanks to Lenova and Filpkart  

 - Used Motorola and Samsung high ended phone 
Lots of people already explained what are pros and cons here and who gave five star i am with them. Phone is really UPTO the mark apart from two things which is not big deal for me 
- Camera is average not excellent or good i can say 
- Heating while charging it is showing 41 C temp you will feel to much hot due to its metal body but this temperate is OK as per Android authority so this is also manageable 
-- This line is for updated review after usage of 1 month got 3 updates from lenova now camera issue almost solve. :) 
Not writing good things about phone because just go for it i am sure you will feel something different for this phone. 


5 stars

 Anshul Bansal

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Grt Phone at reasonable price  

 Pros  
1)Good battery life - upto 36 hrs with High internet/Multimedia usage
2) Fast charging -80% battery charge in 75 Mins
3) Touch is responsive
4) Heating is their while fast charging & while playing game . But with back cover you don't feel that much
5) Power save button 
Cons
1) Is heavy
2) In preferred Network selection - No option to select only 4G or 4G/3g . You have to select 4g/3g/2g which give network provider the chance to provide 2g network while you subscribe for 4g . There should be update to solve the issue
3) UI is not that good looking , should look more impresive 


5 stars

 bhupinder thakur

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Marvelous! Fabulous! Best Phone Under 15K  

 I got Lenovo Vibe P1 on 31st Oct. The box gives a royal feel first. Phone comes with rectangular shape charger, phone guide, warranty card, back plastic cover and screen protection film. 
I have downloaded 4 games, total of 6 GB after charging battery to full 100%. Phone didn't heat up easily. I kept screen on for total 7 hours with wifi. After 7 hours its head was little hot but negligible. Note: I am using xiaomi note 4g for last 6 months and it get heat up within 2 hours of use. And battery drained to only 60%. After that stand by for 8 hours with wifi connectivity. Still I had 49% of battery.  
Feel is awesome for a phone under 15 K. The Antutu score is 37,000. 
No Lag at all. Phone is revolutionary with its design as well.  


5 stars

 vishal kumar

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Worth for Money  

 I purchased same day of launched.The quality of the product is excellent.
Now i am talking about the pros of the product.
>HEAVY BATTERY BACKUP
 After the use of the whole day ,battery is still 20-30%.
 Playing nova 3 for 1/2 n hour,listening music,watching whole movies of 2 hour n 14 min and last but not the least whole day WiFi is on.
>No lagging:
 Even playing the games like nova 3,Asphalt 8,subway surfer, there is no lagging in the system.
>Loud as well as sweet sound:
 As i am song lover and i always need a better sound quality. Lenovo vibe p1 is best in its sound system.Speaker is perfect with loud and sweet sound.even in headphone sound is coming excellent with every beat.
>Low heating when compared with others:
 As i told u earlier playing games like nova 3,Asphalt 8 etc mobile is not heated so much.
>Fast Charging:
 As proposed by lenovo it is fast charging mobile .It charges from 10 to 100 in less then 2 hours.As we know it has a monster battery of 5000 mAh.
>Fingerprint sensor:
 As no one will give us a fingerprint sensor in that range.Lenove give us with perfection. 
Now comes to the cons
According to me there is only one cons i am facing that is
>HEAVIER THAN OTHERs
 As weight of the mobile set is 187 gm it is much heavier than others.But as i compared to the pros it is perfect choice for me. 


5 stars

 ovais vaid

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 super phone -a monster  

 after five days of use. 
battery-lasts up to 2 days minimum on moderate to heavy use and on average use it can last mare than 2 days .
ROCKET CHARGING -first 50% of the battery will charge in 30 mins or less.which according to me is great advantage .overall phone charges in one hour or slightly more.
CAMERA- gives natural colors without over saturation of colors.camera is fast ,synchrony between camera and flash is superb.
PREMIUM LOOKS 
AUDIO IS EXCELLENT WITH VERY LOUD AND CLEAR SPEAKERS-have never seen speakers like this before.
FINGER SCANNER IS FLAWLESS .
no heat issues at all . 
FLIPKART DELIVERED IN ONE DAY 
GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY , TRUST ME BLINDLY GO FOR IT. there are no cons in this phone . 


5 stars

 Charan kumar G...

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Great device  

 I brought this device on first day when it launched. I really happy after using it since 3 days. Awesome performance and very good battery backup. I am 100% satisfied with this new device. 


4 stars

 Balakumaran P

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Worth For Money !!! Kudos Lenovo  

 This is my Review on 2 Days of Usage of My New Lenovo Vibe P1.(NFC, Finger Print Scanner )
All the applications are working fine .Camera in day light its nice and in low light conditions its not too good or too worse its ok. Front Camera Does it job well.
Battery use i charged my mobile on day 1 and on end of day my battery Percentage is 70 even though i connected to nearly 5 to 6 hours of WiFi and one hour of music and some applications still battery is really super (Lenovo Rocks with 5000 mah). Sounds better played in Music Player and it feel loud than expected. Regarding Heating Issue still now i didn't face any heating issue while surfing internet via data package i feel the mobile have get little bit warm. Ram usage Nearly 1 GB of free ram available in 2 GB. Finger Print Sensor is so Fast and responsive. Little bit weight but due to 5000 mah battery this weight does not cost that much. The Two weaker things in this model is not dual 4G. Sim 1 Acts as 2G/3G/4G and Sim Two only have 2G. Next thing the phone is little bit slippery due to the metal finish of the back panel other than that the phone is worth for Money (Nice Product from Lenovo a great competitions for a prince range of mobiles from 15000-25000 Rs) Thanks to Flip kart to delivery me on time   




#############################PAGE-5#####################################
4 stars

 PRAVEEN REDDY

 30 Oct 2015 
 
 VERY GOOD PHONE  

 BATTERY SUPER
DISPLAY SUPER
SOUND AVERAGE
FINGER PRINT SUPER
CONNECTIVITY SUPER
BUT ONLY ONE NEGATIVE IS (1'st SIM IS 4G , 2'nd SIM IS 2G) 


4 stars
Rakesh Kumar Bandaru

 29 Oct 2015 
 
 High end mobile with less burden on pockets!!!  

 Hi Friends,  
I am one of the earliest buyer of this phone. Got a replacement immediately as I was facing severe heating issue. After that till I updated the software I was facing the same problem and placed for a refund. But phone got stablised day to day. So cancelled the refund and felt happy for the the good choice I have made. After full fledge usage and testing I am writing this review. 
I will list out the cons first. Which made me to give 4 rating 
Cons:
1. Camera is not at its best. I feel competitors are giving better camera at lesser price. Low light is decent.
2. Software is not upto the mark. Lags bit and I hope lenovo fixes it in their future patches if any. Screen is smooth but I see some lag. I am not what kind of problem it is.
3. 3G ram would have been better. I see 500 odd MB RAM every time.
4. Main point is about heat, initially there would be more heat but after software update and first battery charge then I see heat is decreased but still little bit of heat is still there at the time of charging and while playing games.
5. Finger print is only for unlocking with only 2 finger prints. 
Pros:
1. Good quality display. 
2. Installed asphalt 8 and no problem in playing it anytime. No struck , little of heat that's it.
3. Tested with 20 mins of video recording , 3 hours of movie play on YouTube, 1 hour of game, 2 hours of of call after full charge batter was still 30% with normal heat.
4. Battery is still a huge bonus but anyway I see gets bit discharge.
5. Finger print makes this phone as a very high end pick.
6. Rocket charge feature is awesome with 10-100 in just around 1.2 hour 
7. Features like Flip to sleep, micro screen, knock to light, quick snap are add-ons.
8. Price is not a burden.
9. Flipkart's amazing customer care and diwali discount. 
I recommend this phone to all friends whose budget is around 15k. 


4 stars
Rakshith

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 good phone ...$  

 using it from last 4 days.. battery life is good last for day and more with moderate usage ..camera is not up to the mark..... finger print unlock is impressive.. its has 2 gigs of ram but it still found bit lags in some places...and bit heavy due to the battery capacity..build quality is good...... 


5 stars
Charan Mydavolu

 31 Jan 2016 
 
 Perfect companion  

 I am a doctor by profession, a moderate to heavy user of smart phone. I use dual sim cards, keep on my internet (Wifi 3G) 24x7 for my professional and personal usage with facebook, whatsapp etc, browising and gaming from heavy games like Asphalt 8 to moderate ones like COC. What I want was a good companion in my pocket. And needless to say that I prefer the latest Android versions. But with all the above requirements I had to get compromised with battery back up for performance, when I started up with 100% of battery in the morning 8AM and I used to search for charging port or a powerbank by evening 4pm. Then I pursued this gem. Yes! with all the above said I am getting the battery back up for minimum of 1 and half days and for 2 days at times. Yes! I do keep charging on the alternate days now! :) I'm in love with this phone. Go for it.  
PROS: Battery, Fingerprint sensor, plastic case, screenguard 
CONS: Yet to find one  
Some people are getting worried about
Camera: Come on guys this is not a DSLR or an iPhone and the camera quality at this price is way too good.
Weight: It's not that much unbearable, we can get used to it not a problem!
Heating issues: Lol that's a joke! Yes this is Snapdragon 615 but lenovo got managed to tweak the processor performance far better than the other company mobiles with SOC 615, Yes I've used many heating machines earlier :P This one is cool :) 
Finally if you are looking for a budget oriented smartphone with latest android version, with a good performance, without heating, just go for it :)  
Regards,
Dr. Charan 


4 stars

 Prashant Tiwari

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 PHONE IS BETTER THAN ALL  

 I have used mobile 2 weeks ,First of all download the 218+38+33+45 update did not face heating issue . I am heavy user phone run last 8-9 hours means massive profrmnce of battery and rocket charger 
Nice UI 
Nice vibe custom Android
24GB storage for user 
Letest 5.1 Android 
Nice speker 
Sharp crispy display
Everything I is Excellence
But I feel leg phone on 2GB RAM
SOME TIME OPEN 5-6 APPS SIMULTANEOUSLY AND CHOOSE ONE OF THEM DISPLAY BECOME BLACK AND STUCK TAKE 1-2 MINUTE AGAIN OPEN IT 


5 stars

 Praveen Kumar

 21 Jan 2016 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1  

 Guys.... really happy to receive the phone in good condition. Thanks to Flipkart...placed the order on 14 Jan 2016 and got it delivered on 16 Jan 2016 (actual delivery dt. on 20 Jan 2016).
Now coming to the features........i don't want to repeat them as many of us know...
So... I would give only my opinion...
THE BEST THE BEST phone from Lenovo.... (so far no problems...)
At first I was a bit reluctant to go for this brand...(hardcore Samsung fan) but one of my friends referred me to this model and after going thru the specs and reviews...i got tempted to buy the product.
Secondly I was very very very unhappy and disheartened by the performance of my earlier phone Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8...Initially every thing was perfect...slowly the phone started to show its true colors...
Anyways, past is past...
Guys I would strongly recommend this phone to all my friends out there and every body who is looking for something special and really good stuff...
So guys GO FOR IT!!!!!! 


5 stars

 Piyush Upadhyay

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome phone, feature loaded with good looks  

 Have been using this phone for over a week now & no complaints whatsoever.... Very pleased with the phone... 
Great Features
- Mammoth Battery to start with
- 32gb internal memory - very usefull - Expandable upto 128GB... better
- Fingerprint sensor works like a dream
- Accessories provided are very well made and well thought of...
- The phone looks very very good and feels very firm in the hand...
- Good build quality
- Camera as against the reviews, found it very good. Both Front and Back work well 
Improvements needed
- The only thing that they should have provided was 3 GB RAM to kill all the competition... Mind you, 2GB is doing just well... no issues.. parr bolte hain na.. thoda jyada hota toh mast hota...
- Lenovo K3 note has a few good camera features.. same could have been provided additional on this phone. 
FOR THE PRICE - WORTH EVERY PENNY.... A very happy user... 


4 stars

 Arvind

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Review after 1 Week of Useage  

 All aspects of this phone are good, for the amount we pay. 
1) Rear Camera - Good. V good in bright light.
2) Front Camera - Good. V good in bright light.
3) Display - V.Good
4) Loud Speaker - Very Loud. Solves the purpose.
5) UI - V.Good
6) Flash - Fantastic.
7) HD Video recording - Amazing.
8) Battery - V.Good. Stays for close to 1.5 days with nominal internet use. No long videos/games etc. Will surely last 1 full day, if all is fine. Hope this continues for long. 
9) Fast Charge - Yes, it works. 
10) Glare in sunlight - Not much.
11) Call quality - V.Good. i.e. your earpiece sound. 
12) Finger print scanner - Have not tested that.
13) RAM : V.Good. I tried using many apps @ the same time. Not much lag. 2 GB RAM has been used optimally, though at any point in time, with no apps, only 1 GB is available for your apps use. 
Cons:
--------
1) Its really heavy. Compared to this, A7000, K3Note are feathers.!!
2) Phone grip is not so good.
3) The back cover which comes with the phone is slippery too. Better buy one from outside with good grip. 
Apart from the above aspects, this phone is best buy for a normal user with no great expectations his is a very nice phone. 


2 stars

 SK

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Very poor Camera  

 Camera quality is very poor for this phone. Mi4i has a way better Camera at a lesser price. Returned this product just after one day. Buy this if require the battery back-up but not for its camera 


4 stars

 RS Choubey

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 A very good phone, especially to watch movies.  

 This beast has 2 SIM slots and a 5000 MAh Battery, which makes it a powerbank. The performance was flawless, and with a 5.5 inch full HD display and that battery, you can watch about three movies. 
One full charge (which takes only 1.5 hours) lasts for two and a half days with regular usage.
It has the best sound (in terms of loudness and clarity, of all the smartphones I have seen till now. I recommend it fully to those who travel a lot. 




#############################PAGE-6#####################################
5 stars

 Rakesh Bal

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Its an underrated Beast :)  

 I bought the product 2 weeks back after returning a phone with Wifi issue,
Let me thank flipkart delivery team for their timely service and delivery (5/5)
I was running out of time for my flight,when the delivery guy just passed to me,My personal well wishes to him 
About the product
**********************
So far its so good with its performance.
It really delivered what I was expecting from a mobile device of this range. 
Let me start with Cons 
1. Camera
----------------
Its an average and decent one,if you are looking for a high resolution mob cam,I suggest go for one plus two. 
2. Weight
----------------
Its slightly heavy due to 4900maH battery inside,But you will adjust with this weight once you start using it. 
Pros
-----------
1.Battery backup 
I guess the vibe p1 is a champion with no opponents in this.
The battery and phone will be still alive even if you use it for a whole 2 days.
The phone will get charged up very quickly with rocket charger 
2.Design 
Not a bad design,even though it could be improved. 
3. UI 
It has 2 versions and,I never felt any lag in accessing the application 
4.Sound 
Excellent,if you use loud speaker it could rock an entire hall. 
5. Wifi Network sensors,
Good performance on this part 
6.Heating Issue
No so far,it heats up only when its charging,which is natural 
Over all Verdict,
------------------------
Please go for the mobile,if you are mobile user who access watspp,wifi,internet and videos throughout.
If you are buying mobile in focus of the camera,think twice. 
I will update based on my future usage, 


5 stars
Kishore

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Will be a very nice purchase  

 I have read a lot of reviews before buying this phone and i will try to clarify some common questions.
1.Does the phone produce too much heat?
A. There are many factors affecting this issue such as software, placing of components inside the phone,etc. but I would urge those who own this phone to update their software. I got around 4 updates (~200 mb, ~40 mb, etc) which i would say reduced the heating issue, now i get at most 40-43 degree while charging which is common among all phones. 
2. Sim slots/memory cards etc?
A. Two nano sims can be used and a separate slot for memory card. 
3. Performance and related stuff?
A. For the average user you would not notice any lag. Only when heavy games are loaded or while running benchmarks you would notice reduced frame-rates.
In my scenario I had around 20 to 30 apps loaded and switching between them I noticed not much issue.
Scrolling and touch sensitivity is really nice and very responsive.
Benchmark results are not as shown in online review probably because of the software updates that may have had effect on CPU throttling, this is nothing to worry about just wanted to put out this info. 
4. Battery !!!?
A. Yes, the most awesome thing about the phone is the battery!
I got a screen on time (SOT) of 8 hours 40 minutes with 3% still left! Let me tell you that SOT is not how long the phone will last but how long the screen was on since the last charge. An SOT of 4-5 hours means that phone may last a day for average user. Google for SOT if you need more info on that.
During my usage i played some games, benchmarks, audio playback, web browsing, etc.
all while i had GPS, WiFi, data connection turned on, this lasted me 22 hours.
For usual office day usage it will last for 2 days is my guess. 
5. Fast charging?
A. Yes, It works wonderfully. 0 to 20% in around 20 min. On an average i would say 1 minute to 1.2 minutes max per percentage of charge. So the full charge may take any where from 90 to 120 minutes. Therefore no more need for overnight charges!! 
Last but not the least there are some really nice features such as 
1. Secure zone which allows you to maintain two separate accounts for any app without using profiles.
2. NFC & android beam. 
3. super saver battery mode (enabled via a special switch on side of the phone) which can make the phone last much longer since it converts your phone to a feature phone.
4. Awesome fingerprint scanner!
5. OTG and also can be used as a power bank to charge other phones.  


5 stars

 jairam

 06 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb Mobile  

 Superb Mobile...fingerprint sensor is simply superb.. Worth to pay 16k..lenova vibe rocks 


4 stars

 Krishna

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 Up to the mark! but with some defects...  

 This might be the most helpful review for the people who used it after 1 week...
Based on my day by day observation
1st day:-Battery is awesome,Fingerprint sensor is very fast and accurate,Display is very fine,Customization by lenovo in software is very good,Turbo charging is stupendous 1:10mins charging time for 5000 mah..!
Camera is average,selfie looks are also average...
It feels some weight in hands..
2nd day:-Camera in low light is fine thanks to dual flash but for distant images we are missing the particulars..
2 to 5 days of usage:-Battery is running fine with full 3g usage and feels like little stuck up in apps like asphalt...
6th day and the 7th day:-There is a touch issue in which it is not working when i took up a call and type in a number on keypad....it happens more than three times.... 
So, i asked for a Return..Thanks to flipkart for easy returns policy...:) 
Go for it because of the nice specs it is offering but check twice & thrice every day to see the performance of Hardware and also Touch Neverthless it was a very nice piece from lenovo competing high end phones. 


5 stars
Karthik Gopi

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 excellent phone with great battery life.  

 Phone is awesome, not too heavy as i expected it would be due to bigger battery. Very good and high performance phone which comes with panel and OTG converter with the box. 


5 stars

 Shanu

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Robust, Elegant Phone  

 After wasting my money on cheap Indian and other unknown brands, I realized that the brand name does matter. Lenovo might be relatively new in mobile segment but they are old players in the market, and they carry a good image. This good image is amply demonstrated in this mobile.  
Everything is perfect in this mobile. Camera is good for all my requirements. Battery lasts really long. GPS connects instantaneously. It has good surrounding light sensor, which adjusts screen brightness automatically. The glass is Gorilla which makes it quite sturdy. Overall build is really great, feels solid to hold on it.  
And I really liked the fingerprint feature. It opens and unlocks just by pressing on the fingerprint sensor. It might look a small feature but it really feels quite elite.  
No complaints for this phone so far. It's simply awesome.  
Just one bug exists in the Android version : the mobile broadcasts from certain service providers do not stop even after you have disabled them. This however has been fixed in the latest upgrade that they've provided. 


5 stars

 Soumen Das

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Height of awesomeness  

 Close your eyes. Think of a great phone (high speed, great battery, smooth operation). Order it. You will be more than happy once you start using it. I am loving it... 


5 stars
Aswin Nath

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone  

 Guyz got my phone yesterday... Itz simply awesome....just do the updates and u will knw the magic of vibe p1....I personally loved the phone...  


5 stars

 Anil Kumar Singh

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 The beast is in the town!  

 You won't get anything better than this. Many buyers have commented so many good things about this magical handset. I would mention only a few things I noticed with my handset.  
1. Supreme FHD display. But honestly, it's not as bright as some other handsets in this segment. But I don't see it as a demerit at all.  
2. Absolutely no lags. I don't play games, but normal transitions are smooth as butter. 
3. Touch screen is very smooth. Additionally, there is an option to make touch super-sensitive as well. It will help use the phone with gloves on in winter. Not many have mentioned that in reviews. 
4. There are several small, but useful features loaded on it. 
--Flip to mute helps ignore calls without having to attend it
--there is a feature built-in which allows user to receive calls by bringing the phone's earpiece close by, even when it is connected to a Bluetooth headset. I found this feature extremely useful. 
5. Very loud sound from the speakers. 
6. Fingerprint sensor is superb. Very high sensitivity indeed. Swift response. 
7. And of course, it's heavily loaded battery with rocket charging feature. It can charge 50% of the battery in a span of 15mins. Unbelievable, but true. 
8. A premium handset for an appealing price. 
Go for it guys. It's the best in its class. 


5 stars

 Ajay Shah

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone with good features  

 I was looking for a high end phone with all the features. 
This phone has all the quality. 
Phone gets heated while charging. 




#############################PAGE-7#####################################
5 stars

 Sathish Sethur...

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent phone  

 I purchased this phone 3 weeks back.
Pros: 
1. Of course the 4900 battery which allows you to last for the whole day even after using my 4G for beyond 8 hours.
2.The Speakers and the earpiece volumes are excellent unlike the Samsung J7 which i used earlier which really sucks.
3.The Camera picture quality is excellent both front and back cams
4.The finger print security is awesome as well 
For the price range offered by flipkart its worth buying.My recommendation is go for it. No heating issues on the battery is observed while playing games. 
Cons; 
This phone doesn't come with headphones. It is an additional investment we need to do. 


5 stars

 chetan patel

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent phone, marathon battery, super screen  

 Hi,
I was pretty much in dilema between moto x play & lenovo vibe P1. The only aspect for which moto x was shortlisted was android 6.0. Update.
Anyways lenovo can surely provide update in future like its many other device got 5.1 update.
About phone,
I love it.
Excellent battery back up. No heating problem at all. Weight is tolerable. Nicely carved body.
Camera is excellent.
Finger print sensor is too fast.
Lenovo UI is superb, many themes and wallpapers.
HD video play back is superb.
Memory is more than enough.
Overall, worth every penny spent on phone. !!!
Got back cover & screen guard in box.
No hands free in box. Thank god, I had jbl.
Don't hesitate if u want reliable phone in this price range. 
Best in class.  


5 stars

 Subhojeet Pram...

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Perfect Business Phone  

 With great power comes great responsibility and yes this phone is packed with great power. I'm glad to have bought this device. It has great features to offer at 16k and also looks awesome.
This review is by a computer engineer and a game developer. This phone perfectly suits my needs. The UI is butter smooth after the recent update and provides you option to switch to lollipop launcher instead of using the Vibe one. 
Pros -
- Fingerprint sensor
- Quick charge ( Yes it works unbelievably good. Charges the phone is no time when the display is off.
- 32GB storage 
- Smooth and fast
- Good gaming performance
- Good camera outdoors
- Professional and sturdy looks
- Back cover and screen guard included
- Great multitasking makes it suitable for business use.
Cons-
- Average camera in low light 
Trust me you won't get better at this price. I have tried Moto G, Mi 4i and Mi 4.  


5 stars

 Shashikant Kum...

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Good Mid Range Smartphone  

 I had been using Nexus 4 for almost 2.5 years now , still its working fine . What I like about Vibe P1 is
1. Quick Charging - Really fast - For N4 it was taking 3-4 hrs to charge completely ,now I don't carry chargers anymore . I hours charging is enough for Vibe P1.
2.Build Quality - Its Good , people says its heavy I don't think its heavy . Considering huge battery weight is okay.
3.Finger Print - Works well
4. Display - Those who says display is not bright , kindly check your phones "Display Colour Balance" setting . Display is very bright .
5.OTG Support - Download movies and directly transfer to pendrives . 
Things which needs improvement
1.Front camera is acceptable , but rear camera performs like 5 MP camera . K3 note camera is better than Vibe P1 camera
2.Performance : As compared to N4 this is little bit slow , Lenovo should have one more version of this phone with Snapdragon 801 , 3 Gb Ram and improved camera @ 19-20K.
then this phone will be flagship killer. 
Flipkart took 8-10 days for delivery ,packaging was good .  


5 stars

 Madhu Nandan

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome gadget for the price  

 First of all thanks to flipkart and seller WS Retail for the speedy delivery. The phone is awesome with big battery, Full HD display, Dual 4G sim slots with expandable memory upto 128GB, Rocket charger which really boosts the charging and also unbelievable to get a phone with finger print sensor for this price. The features are just awesome. Best of all is the finger print sensor which works perfectly well most of the time. 
Dual UI one from lenovo and one from android which again is a good feature to have. 
Overall i can say 5 stars are not enough for this awesome gadget just go for it without thinking. 


5 stars
SATYA TEJA

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome product  

 I am pretty much satisfied with this product.I used to buy flag ship phones costing around 40k which I feel heavyhearted now, as this phone is no less than a flagship phones i used earlier.
Pros: fingerprint sensor,huge battery life,no lag so far with 20apps downloaded,ultra power saving button which helps frequent travellers.
Cons:I found only one flaw in this item which is the power button.It seems very weak and wobbles when you touch. 
Regarding flipkart, I had my Phone in my hands before mentioned delivery date which is appreciable but there is a slight misunderstanding between us(flipkart and me) regarding the offer posted for this phone( exchange upto Rs.6000). I ordered this phone during offer period but flipkart folks are saying that there was no offer during that date. But i am very confident regarding that offer.So i advise all to take a screen shot of the offer with date of order to have a proof of it. 


5 stars

 EMILSON

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Value for money  

 I charge my samsung s4 3 time a day. Now I am charging my VIBE P1 once in two days. Phone is not heating even after playing continuously for 2 hours. Finger print sensor is awesome. If you are looking for a mobile at this price range, just go for this. 


5 stars

 Salman

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Thumbs up!  

 For me this was a total steal.. I got it for 10400. (Including exchange and 10% disc).
I have been using big battery phones since very long, the p770 and p780, so i knw exactly what to expect from a phone like p1.
I am using p1 since 6 days and, its a master piece.
Thumbs Up Lenovo! 


5 stars

 Siddharth Joshi

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Amazing Phone and super long lasting battery  

 Impresive looks ,good camera , metal body , makes the phone a must but. A bit heavy I must say but , the phone's battery 4900 mah is a great advantage and in medium usage like regular 2~4 hours of call and watsapp throughout the day with regular internet for 1~2 hours per day the battery lasts easily for 2~3 days.... Reminded of my first Nokia 3315 days 


4 stars

 svenkatkris@gm...

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Worthy mobile to buy!!  

 I was little skeptical to buy phone from Lenovo when it comes to mobiles but after seeing the specification, I though I could go for it and it has made my selection worthy. 
CONS:
CAMERA: Rear cam seems to be somewhere between normal to good, as clarity(due to grains) is missing when it comes to 13MP range. But for sure it does not disappoint. Lenovo, please see that whether a software upgrade can be done for Camera alone as ASUS does with their phones called Pixel master. So please take an initiative.  
Front Cam: Clarity for selfie is good. 
WEIGHT: Most people complained about weight but 187 gms is not 50kgs dumbbell to say it's heavy. It has a good fortune behind it's weight, the heavy duty battery. 
PROS:
SCREEN AND DISPLAY: Display is sharp and pleasant and moreover since the screen size is 5.5 inches, it will be a best buddy while playing games and watching movies. 
BATTERY : The most required features in any smartphone has been facilitated in this phone 5000 MaH battery, lasts long. No more need to carry power bank and this can give power to other phones when in need :-) 
PROCESSOR :1.5GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor which is indeed a good config with 2GB RAM. 
SIM and memory card : Nano SIM (Dual nano SIM) and there is a separate micro SD card slot. 
FINGERPRINT : It works like a charm. But there should have been option only to unlock phone using fingerprint but it comes along with PIN or password and there is no option to disable other unlocking features. 
BUILD: It has a premium look and well designed.  
ACCESSORIES: Back cover,OTG adapter and screen guard are provided. No headset provided.  
Overall product seems to be very much worthy to buy and technology does not stop and it will grow for sure. Lenovo has to note down it's cons when it comes to camera. Rest all fine!! Thanks Lenovo and Flipkart for a good work.  




#############################PAGE-8#####################################
5 stars

 Ganesh R

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome mobile  

 Wow!! excellent made and quality 
Initially it having a bit of heating problem, but after the 218 MB patch installation completed working cool.... 
Finger detection - outstanding
Camera a bit more perfection required
Speed - Awesome 
Overall it is a worth mobile with in this price range  


4 stars

 Gopala Krishna...

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenevo Vibe P1: Great Features for this Cost  

 Pros:
Build: Sturdy build. Aluminium curved back. Case supplied as well as screen cover
Screen: Awesome FHD screen. Buttery touch with no lag. Reading Text in this screen is great. Provided Wide touch feature for reaching apps quickly. Very useful feature. Seeing movies awesome
Finger sensor: Works as expected. Very functional
Sound quality: Audio system is working as expected. Some may prefer a little loud but for me it is good.
Performance: 2 GB RAM seems to be sufficient for this phone as it is working without any lag. I havent played much games but you tube, videos plays excellent so are the apps loading.
Battery: After battery full charge, Used for 24 hours with 3+ hours you tube watching movies, listening songs, Whatsapp, TOI, calls etc. 70% consumed with 4G Connection throughout the day 
Cons: (Not very serious concerns though)
Expected heating while charging. Turbo charging. Should not be a big deal
A bit heavy but again this may not be a serious concern. 
Will update once again after checking the Camera and Games. However after the initial usage of the phone, one thing is clear that this phone has features with the cost matching. You are getting a phone whose build quality is premium, loaded with features required for today.  
I think this is one of the great phones in the market which is affordable, looks great and with loads of features. What more can you ask? I surely recommend this phone for any mobile user who wants a phone which costs less but looks and works great. Thumbs up to Lenevo. 


5 stars

 Aditya Jain

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Whatta Phone!!!  

 After extensive research I shortlisted this mobile phone. This truly is a beast and provides all the required features in a power packed phone. On using it, you realize that utmost care and attention has been put while building out this phone by lenovo. 
Pros : 
1. Excellent screen, super clear HD.
2. Super sound on speaker as well.
3. Seems a sturdy and robust phone once you hold it
4. Excellent fingerprint security
5. 2 GB Ram, 64 bit Octa core processor
6. Super fast charging. Charges the phone in an hour.
7. Excellent battery backup. 5000 mAH assures you of 2 days of battery life
8. Back cover and display film
9. Works fine on Airtel 4G
10. Additional features like : Quick Snap, Knock to light, Flip to Sleep, Phone Auto Answer when near-to ear 
Cons : 
1. Heats up while charging
2. Slightly heavier
3. Camera seems just ok  


2 stars

 rajashekar reddy

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Got Defected peice  

 I got this piece in single day, But I hope It is defected piece with the bellow problems 
1) Top part of the mobile is Heating while charging ,calling... , internet use
2) Poor signal 


1 star

 sanjay pawar

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Waste of Money  

 The Product is Price High. The Product gets Heated many Times. The Product is Lags a littlebit. The Product is Hangs many Times 


4 stars

 Hemant Kokje

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone in this range  

 Purchased on 28th Oct with exchange and 10% SC card offer which made it a very sweet deal, was delivered on 31st Oct. Perfect timing, as it was a Saturday, so enough time to play around with the new gadget.  
I have been using it for almost 12 days now and so far so good. Almost all other reviews have covered the major Pros and Cons(if any) and I tend to agree with most of those. I would only like to add some other nifty features and some missing features which would have made this already awesome phone, just perfect. 
Pros
1. Auto Answer or Smart Answer is a feature which answers the call automatically once you take the handset to your ear, works well most of the times. 
2. While in standby mode, if you press the volume up button, it actually takes a picture/photo of the object/person in front of you without making any sound. Little apprehensive on this feature, falling into the wrong hands.  
3. Fingerprint sensor works almost flawlessly, although i noticed a minor lag at times 
4. Battery life is just superb, couldn't help but cover this point in my review as I have hardly ever used the battery saver key on the left side of the phone. It does charge quickly too with the rocket charger. With my moderate usage which includes calls/data usage and wifi, it easily lasted me 2 whole days with 10-15% battery still left.  
5. Voice call clarity is good  
6. Awesome screen and a buttery smooth touch 
7. Both front and back cameras produce good photos however the quality of the photos is subjective and may vary from person to person. A cool feature with the front camera is that of Auto-Selfie, which basically clicks a picture once it focuses on a subject automatically, with a 3 second timer. It'll keep on clicking unless you do not give the camera any subject to focus on. :) 
Back camera does allow fast clicking and tap on screen to click, which is a very useful feature when you are trying hard not to miss THE moment 
Now coming to the Cons or what I would prefer to say as missing features which probably Lenovo can add through future updates 
1. Gallery doesn't have a Move feature which allows us to move photos from one folder to another which is strange as my previous LG G3 beat had it. It also doesn't have any add on feature like make collage etc.  
2. Whatsapp doesnt show notifications on the app which was again available in my previous phone. If the notification screen is showing lot of unread messages, the Whatsapp icon would show a total no. of unread msgs in the right hand upper corner  
I think I have covered almost all points which i wanted to, in case I am missing any, will update my review soon.  
Hope all prospective buyers, find this useful.   


4 stars

 Gokul Krishna...

 30 Oct 2015 
 
 The new VIBE P1  

 First looks are nice. The phone is as described and looks pretty robust.
Best in the price range. 
Pros
1. Big screen
2. Big battery
3. Case and Screen protector included in the box
4. Fast charging 
5. Finger Print sensor... works like a charm for now 
Cons
1. I saw that the device heated up pretty bad while charging today. Will have to review it again after a weeks usage.
2. Camera so far is not to my liking. Asus Zenfone also has 13 MP rear camera and had much better quality. But as said, I only used it for one day... will review this again in weeks time.
3. No earphones included in the box is a big disadvantage. I was hoping to get some nice quality earphones with this mobile.
4. Phone is a bit on the heavier side.
5. The backpanel is not that good as I get sweaty hands with it. I never had sweaty hands with my past 10 phones so far. The included back cover might help reduce this though. 
Considering this to be a single days usage I am giving it 4 stars. Will update the review again in sometime with the best findings.  


1 star
SAIBAL

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 3rd class phone  

 camera like vga camera, dual flash is show, not work.lenovo k3 note is better then it. please do not buy this 3rd class phone. battery is good. but camera lovers please not but this phone 


2 stars
Krishnan Vignesh

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 HEATING LIKE HELL  

 JUST bought LENOVO VIBE P1 heats lyk helll...
others are just OK...
Cam is OK...
BATTERY just OK...
FINGERPRINT SCANNER IS OSM...  


1 star

 Vidyasagar Har...

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 Very Average phone - Disappointing Experience  

 This is my third Lenovo phone after the unstable but great vfm phone p780, s90 (i phone clone). Have been using this phone for about 2 months+ now. The phone has been advertised with lot of features like
1. Giant battery life 
2. A good camera
3. Features like Finger print Scanner and fast charging
4. nfc
5. IPS display with gorilla Glass 3 which is expected to be tough 
6. Android 5
7. Overall VFM with the above features and a killer price.  
I found the overall experience with this phone to be very average, especially in the perceived strenghts like battery life, etc. my detailed review is below.  
Pros:
1. Camera - the only best feature of this phone. Has a very nice camera with a great focus and shoots some really good pics. Selfie clarity is ok. 
2. Finger print scanner- good feature, works most of the times 
Cons:
1. Very bulky and heavy due to the bigger battery. that is not the only problem. the main problem being, the phone is very slippery and hence prone to falls and slippages. 
2. Gorilla Glass or whatever?? due to point no 1, the phone had a fall at home from a height of about 2 feet and the glass cracked!! i have had phones with non gorilla glass, but they havent broken so flimsily like this. The phone to be honest is not at all sturdy. so have to now give the phone to the service centre for a glass replacement within two months. 
3. Battery life: This perceived strength of the phone is worth couple of laughs. The battery life is average for the size of the battery and lasts a day with heavy usage. the major irritant is the battery drains ultra fast like any other phone with a smaller battery during heavy usage. so not worth spending on this bulky phone for that additional batter life
4. Mystery Drain: even during non usage, i have seen the phone draining very fast with charge dropping more than 20% suddenly?
4. Can also be used as an iron box in an emergency. The phone becomes very very hot and this is a major irritant. As i write this review my phone is just piping hot and becomes hot many a times. a cpu cooler software that i installed shows the temperature at 43 degrees. 
5. the finger print scanner is reliable but fails when it is required, does not work at times. the phone has to be restarted at those times.  
My overall verdict is 1 star for this phone. Bought this with great expectations, but the quality of the materials, the overall experience and performance of the phone is very average. Even if your only lookout is a decent battery life, this phone disappoints.  
Please avoid this phone. Look for other alternatives in Asus, Gionee etc., where phones have similar battery lives.   




#############################PAGE-9#####################################
1 star
Pramod Mishra

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 worst quality ever seen  

 Dear All,
I have bought this phone after reading all reviews but my choice got wrong, this phone have weak network signal even also 4G with fast discharging. Also finger print scanner is very low quality much time require for unlock. The most worst thing is that very very poor camera quality even not able to capture like 8MP camera, Picture gets fading after a little zoom but front cam is better. No HD (1920 x 1080) display only fake...please don't go blindly even I have applied for return but twice rejected by flipkart. Poor customer service by flipkart. 
Good thing: -
Sound is good
Quick battery charge  


2 stars

 Vikas Sachdeva

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Pathetic Phone - Only good part is the Flipkart Service  

 >Touchscreen doesn't works sometime
>Poor Call quality
>Average Camera... Full of Noise
>Only 1 Day Battery Back up despite of massive 5000mAh battery
>lags will scrolling 
Only good part is its Rocket Charger and fingerprint scanner.
Had to return my phone.
Lenovo you have been really disappointing. Need to provide helpful service and produce durable phones otherwise you will keep loosing customers.
One Extra star is for Flipkart service.  


4 stars

 Srinidhi Ravi

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 2 WEEKS OF USAGE  

 I was previously using P780 which was good initially but with my kind of excess surfing, handling and using a 64 GB MMC card lead to it being serviced twice. My belief is that a mobile is useful only if it has battery all other "features" are just good on paper if there is no battery. Being a mountaineer i believe only in endurance and the only good mounatineers are those ones which are alive. So coming to the product: 
Prompt Flipkart delivery( Somehow feel tracking on Flipkart is better than @#$%^&) . Only the silver colour was available and Graphite Grey not available.
Opened and Found:
1. Phone,charger(Plug point and USB seperate and what i presume is an OTG cable(I still havent tried it because im still using my 780 OTGcable)
2. User Manual
3. Screen Guard and Case
4.Quick Start Guide
5. Customer Information Card telling that Lenovo doesnt steal user information. 
Like previous reviews mentioned had 35% charge left in it did the 2 updates soon after switching on. Requires MICRO SIM so had to go choppy choppy at a local store. The battery drained out in 4 hours with the updates over 3G and some Google Play Downloads 
Charged it while it was switched on it took 1 hour and 10 minutes approximately for 100% charging ( Heard it charges within an hour if switched off, havent tried because never switched off since i bought). In the user manual its clearly mentioned not to use the phone while charging which i dint but there was a little bit of warmth about which i was not concerned because its expected with a 4900mAh battery. 
Used the provided Case and its pretty slippery and there are no cases available for buying online right now. 
Lets get to the Pros and Cons.. I list more cons because lets admit it human race has always complained about what we dont have than rejoice what we already have. One reason why we are an innovative species and reason why the W H Davies poem Leisure in school never made any sense. 
CONS 
1. I know many wouldnt agree with this being the first point but during frequent travel i face the trouble of changing my 3G SIM from slot from 2 to 1 in my LenovoP780 as SIM2 dint have 3G. Same with this one SIM1 is 4g,3G,2G while SIM 2 is just 2G.I had read a review which told that both SIMS are 4G which prompted me to buy this. 
adding to point 1. Removing the case to insert the SIM made me act like a Flintstone. Took a while to figure it out even with some online help. 
2. Like i mentioned before. No covers available online. My phone looks like a bald Neo straight out of the Matrix goo. 
3. No accessories in the cover. But thats ok ill not mention it so Point 3 doesnt exist The numbering is just to check if anyone is actually reading. 
3.Again this is heavy at 189grams. I dropped the phone twice from a height of 5feet and because the built is good nothing broke but the case already has cracks. 
4.60% of the RAM is always in use but i dont game that much even if i do they are all the ones which dont use up much RAM. And i keep closing all the apps as ahabit so doesnt bother me that much. So for the ones who want more RAM this is just a caution before disappointment. 
PROS which ill describe as Cons because come on if you wanted to hear good things you wouldnt be reading this review( Think about it) 
1. Battery. everyone is going brouhaha about the battery. With some aggression like i wanted the battery to get over i used it like a teenager who just discovered internet and it dint last for more than 18hours with continous 3G on SIM1 2G SIM2 with intermittent loss of range and installing lots of apps whatsapping all the time and watching a few TV shows and streaming a lot of videos. i was like thats it! But then i hit the Kubler-Ross Model and after a while i was ok. Atleast it stayed this long. Another peculiar feature once the battery hits 5% it switches off sometimes. 
2. Killswitch. Having an external switch to go into power saving mode is really helpful. I cant explain why...just figure it out for yourselves while using.  
I will give the phone 4 Stars for all the imperfections because its great work from Lenovo. 


5 stars

 Partha Sarathi...

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Wonderful product  

 Awesome product,fingerprint sensor,nfc,great battery,use as power bank,otg support.
No heating problem in my phone,but generates hit when charging,it's common because it's 4900mh battery with 12volt rocket charger,if you charge it with normal charging mode it's cool,but it will take more time for charging.
Cons: No reset switch is provided,( as Experia Z1) it's crucial when phone hanged but you could not remove the battery. 


4 stars

 Bhavit Sengar

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Got it this Monday, and it is Mind Blowing !!  

 I am using this phone for past 5 days. I will simply tell you the pros and cons, without saying any another useless word :- 
Pros :-
1. Looks:- What to tell about it, it's incredible. It gives you the feeling of a phone of above 25,000 bucks, at least. Its metallic back body feels premium. They also give you a transparent back cover along with the phone and it looks awesome on it.  
2. Screen :- It's mind blowing. Brightness and viewing angles are very good. 400+ PPI pixel density assures you a perfect display. Screen seems strong and Corning gorilla glass 3 makes it sure for you.  
3. Battery :- Now this is the unique characteristic of this phone, the first phone in market to give you a massive 5000mAh of battery. My phone lasted for about 24hrs on HEAVY usage. It's awesome !! Trust me. My nexus used to last for 6 hours only :( . An its rocket charging feature, it's cherry on the cake. It charges the whole battery in approx 90mins !! How about that !! :-D 
4. Fingerprint scanner:- Of course, first phone to bring you fingerprint scanner at this price range, and it is pretty good. It works most of the time and it is very fast. 
5. Sound :- It has a blasting sound ! Two speakers give you a crisp and loud sound which you will going to love definitely. 
Now cons :- 
1. Processor :- Actually, the processor is not that bad. But my previous phone was Nexus 5, and in front of that it's nothing. Heavy animations are not always smooth. But it works pretty fine. Not for heavy gamers, but fine for normal users with moderate games. 
2. Camera :- Now this is the another thing where they have done cost cutting. Camera of this phone is not good. At this price range you'll definitely get another phones with better camera quality, like mi4i, if this is your thing. If you don't care about camera much, then it's perfect. 
I would give it a 4 star, just because of the processor. If they had given a snapdragon 815 with 1.8ghz or something, I would have given it a 5 star. Camera doesn't matter to me but Processor does. But I still like this phone a lot, because its pros are flagships in this price range.  
So, the bottom line is, if you are Ok with moderate quality camera and not a heavy gamer, then go for it without thinking any further. All the best ! :-) 


5 stars

 Ashish Negi

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Now i can beleve on LENOVO  

 Lenevo is much more than my expectation....i return my ONE+2 and purcahse this...an i realise i do the right...Bset feature with 10000less price than ONE+2, 
I purchase it with 10% offer...means in 14,400...good work Flipkart.. 
Lenovo VIBE P1 
+ve
-Most powerfull BATTERY...(besttt)
-32GB internal in this price range...
-Finger print (only for maximum 2 fingers)
-Plus point Back pannel and screen guard
-Can switch b/w Lenovo interface and Androin interface
-Fast charging as lenovo rocket charge(approx 70-75 min to full charge)(best)
-charge is not fixed cahrger..we can remove it and use it as data cable
-Memory slot available
-notification light is there
-Last but very important power saver mode(Besttt) 
-ve
-Camera is okk oo no additional features..
--Lenovo gave back pannel bcoz mobile is little bit heat ong usage or in chagging(bcoz back is metal)
Good idea LENOVO to hide heat .....Good  
Today every person wants...
-Fast charging
-Battery
-power saver mode
+ finger print additional in this range... 
Good work LENOVO....
Hats off to your work... 


5 stars

 Jereen Mathew

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Great phone  

 Its an awesome phone with respect to specifications.  
Pros
1. Excellent battery backup, among the best in smart phones.
2. Finger print sensor works very well. 
3. Good build quality.
4. Great speakers.
5. Full HD display, color reproduction is very good.
6. Decent front and rear camera. No complaints at this price point.
7. 32G internal storage off which you get around 22G.
8. Looks awesome.
9. Quick charging, among the best in smart phones.  
I kept the phone connected on wifi with heavy browsing and download for 24 hrs. Not much heating, but I would suggest not to use the back cover that Lenovo ships along with the box.  
Cons.
1. Bit heavy due to the large battery.
2. Got only 2G RAM, around 800 MB free most of the time. Competitors got 3G RAM.
3. Display could have been a bit sharp.
4. No head phones shipped along with the phone. 
Overall an excellent phone at this price point. Rating 5 stars. 


5 stars
Amit Kumar

 13 Feb 2016 
 
 Value For Money  

 best phone under 16k..fully packed features...battery back (Y) ...lookwise grt.. but there is no in-the-ear headphone in the box... 


1 star

 Premin Ponnachan

 13 Feb 2016 
 
 Worst  

 Battery takes 3 hours to charge and lags a lot when playing a bit
There is no turbo charger inside 
battery stands for a maximum of 5 hours with only wifi connected
and now the phone restarts probably when ever i do call or when i access some apps
and flipkart is not replacing the piece
Phone is getting heat while using internet. Internet is base thing , how can we stop to use it. Phone getting heat everyday.
Worst screen quality not in terms of color. It's been mentioned that it is Gorilla Glass. Hell with it, screen shattered because it fell even less than half a meter 


4 stars

 Reeniya

 11 Feb 2016 
 
 diched letv for this phone  

 and i think i took the best decision buying this phone, the battery gives me backup for 2 days only with heavy usage, with 4900 mAh i was expecting more. 




#############################PAGE-10#####################################
5 stars

 deena dhayalan

 11 Feb 2016 
 
 excellent product of lenovo  

 im fully satisfaction of this phone....all software works properly..especially fingerprint its awesome...equal to apple...worth for this price...excellent phone...thanq 


5 stars

 N Raja

 11 Feb 2016 
 
 Overall good.  
 
Excellent 
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear. 


5 stars

 amey sonar

 11 Feb 2016 
 
 Best phone in 16000 k metal body big battery  

 Nice phone battery life is v.good camera is OK I think lenovo will update for camera screen is nice finger print scanner is nice no heating ishu after lot more updates phone is fast and u can use Android ui now it is good thing if u want big battery fingerprint metal body 32 gb internal memory fast charging with charger go and buy best phone 


4 stars

 Suguna Sagar

 10 Feb 2016 
 
 Overall good  

 purchased last week , it has best features and performance is good. 
pros:
Battery very good
finger print sensor
Speed ,performance
Design,Cost 
Cons:
Camera is k , image quality is medium.
one more thing u need to do lot of system software updates for Vibe P1 version
1st 210 mb , 2nd 33 mb, 3rd 40 mb and finally 254 mb software patch updates. 


5 stars

 Sumeet Arora

 09 Feb 2016 
 
 Battery is unbelievable, best ever I have experienced  

 I exchanged my moto g 2n gen for this phone and got Rs 2500 off plus availed the HDFC offer discount and got his phone for RS 10600/- I am writing this review after 15 days of usage. I will do a comparison with Asus zenfone 2 ZE551ML (which I bought for Rs 14999/- without any exchange) which I was using previously. I will update my review after 3 months of usage and then again after 6 months. My review is based on user experience and I will not do any technical specs reviews or comparison.  
Look : Zenfone 2 is awesome but Vibe p1 is a step ahead in terms of the elegance factor. (Winner : Vibep1) 
Bloatware : Zenfone 2 has a lot of them but if you use them you will realize they are quite useful and better than a lot of shitty stuff available on playstore. Vibe P1 has little bloatware but it also has option to uninstall them. (Winner : Vibep1) 
RAM : Both have 2 GB but RAM management is better with Vibe P1. You will have atleast 800 MB available to use at any point in time as against 500MB in Zenfone 2. However, both phones are good for multi tasking and do not show any lags even in heavy gaming (Winner : Both) 
Ease of use : Even though both are 5.5 inch screen, Vibe P1 is slender and easier to use as against Zenfone2 which is broad build and cannot be operated with single hand (Winner : Vibe P1) 
Camera : Camera performance of both the phones is similar. Both get a 3.5/5 when it comes to picture quality. I feel that in dark light conditions, Vibe P1 camera is better than zenfone2. (Winner : Both) 
Display : Awesome Full HD display in both the phones and both come with gorilla glass screen. (Winner : Both) 
Battery : This is the most important thing for me and the reason why I bought Vibe P1. I had written this previously as well when I reviewed my zenfone2. I don't agree with the 3000 mAh battery. Its a ridiculous claim. I am a heavy user (3 hours of 4g/wifi internet surfing, 1 hour of gaming, 2 hours of You tube streaming and about an hour of calling every day). With this kind of heavy usage, Zenfone 2 goes from 100% to 0% in 4 hours and needs to be charged atleast 2-3 times a day. Vibe P1 (4900 mAh) goes from 100% to 25% in the whole day and I put it on charging in the night when I go to sleep. The battery is seriously awesome and there is no comparison at all. (Winner : Vibep1 will eat Zenfone 2 for breakfast when it comes to battery life) 
Speaker and Mic : Both phones have awesome speakers and mic. Sound and call quality of both phones is very good. Zenfone 2 has a louder speaker and ringer though. (Winner : Both)  
Overall, Vibe P1 is a clear winner for me. I change my phone every 6 months and Vibe P1 is by far the best android phone I have bought. Don't know about the after sales service and I hope I do not have to use it ever. But I would like to mention that I had a problem with the speaker of Zenfone 2 and took my phone to the service center. To my surprise, they replaced the speaker with a new one and returned the phone back to me in 15 mins. We normally don't get to hear nice things about service centers but I was very happy with them. 


1 star
Rahul Jain

 02 Feb 2016 
 
 Worst Mobile anybody ever had at this price  

 I purchased this 3 months. Its too bulky, unfinished and heavy mobile with no customer service. The bettery don't even last for 1 day if you use max of it. Display quality is very poor. In sunlight you cant use it. its not handy and can't fit in your pocket.
And you will be more unfortunate if you got some problem regarding software or hardware. I broke the screen of the mobile and after visiting service centre. They said leave mobile for 10 days and then they see will that replacement of screen is possible or not.
Lenovo mobile have a single service centre in gurgaon and they don't have any idea about services, part and time line. 
Just 1 suggestion at last don't buy lenovo 


5 stars
Prakash Sharma

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome mobile in 14-16k range  

 Very good mobile in this price range.
Huge battery.
fast changing is good facility.
But only disadvantage size is so large which the not handy. 


1 star
Avinash Duggirala

 23 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 switching off on reaching 15% battery  

 Recently I bought Lenovo Vibe P1 and the only reason why I opted for this mobile is because of its high capacity Battery. But I am really having hard time with my phone as it is switching off immediately after reaching 15-20% . Seriously depressed because of buying my mobile.  
The reason why I bought this mobile is not served. If you are also buying this mobile considering the battery performance. PLEASE DONT BUY. 


4 stars
KRUNAL Shah

 20 Jan 2016 
 
 One of the BEST in this range  

 After 1st day of use:  
I wanted a good mid range phone worth 15k approx. So, had searched for many good brands in this range like Xiaomi, Motorola, Samsung and Lenovo. Had never opted for one plus or samsung.  
First I would point out the major cons of Motorola and Xiaomi phones of this range
. 
Motorola G turbo edition: too much heating problem form almost 40-50% of users.
Xiaomi MI 4i: Internal storage only. (no external storage provided.)
Samsung J Series Models: Samsung's mono-dynamic UI bores a lot of users now, and they want a good change.  
Coming back to my new Lenovo vibe P1:  
After seeing it for the first time after unpacking , the handset was quite good looking. Its large 5.5 inch screen is quite attractive. 
I used it for a while to check software update and all and installed a few apps, And then I put it on charge.  
To check the fastest charger till date, I noticed time and battery level, this 4900 maH battery went from 5% to 99% in nearly 75-80 minutes. Was indeed very quick charged. 
I, then, strated to update the software. There was a queue of updates peding, actually. (215 mb+ 39 mb+ 43 mb+ 49 mb) Total it had 4-5 updates.  
In durung the update, the phone was NOT heated up, there was just little warmness. 
After that, everything went quite well with me and her ;) (talking about cell) 
But, first i would go with the reason for whch I gave this model 4 stars, and not 5.  
CONS:  
The camara is not as good as any 5 MP( front ) and 13MP (rear) cam of other good phones of this range. BUT, it is not bad ,either. So , one can call it slight more than average quality of picture. 
Wanted to test phone in games, so had downloaded a few games, and to my surprise Phone sometimes lags during games, So I would not recommend this model to a gamer geek. (Fortunately, I'm not)  
 PROS:  
 The UI is just Awesome.It has many sexy themes inbuilt, so one can change from its quite variable themes replacing this dull looking theme in the flipkart's official image of model's display. And I'm sure anyone would love its HD display.  
Fingerprint feature is quite good and working properly.  
One more feature I really like is, 
"Micro screen"- When you want to handle your display with single hand then you can just draw "C" shape on display with your finger and screen gets smaller to your desired height and width.  
NO heating issues after software updates.  
As I said, CHARGING is real quick. i use the fully charged phone for 10.5 hours almost, till it shows 5% battery. This 10.5 hours of usage consists of: "Continuous" 6-7 hours of apps and other downloading and surfing & I mean the word "continuous" + 1 hour non-stop on call, and 1 hour of chatting, so in this 10.5 hours phone was absolutely active for almost 10 hours. and i guess it is a pretty good BATTERY BACK UP.  
Loud Speakers quality is just AMAZING. They are quite loud and clear.  
There is NO lag in calls or during normal use.  
Both SIMs have 4G availability!  
SAR (Specific absorption rate) value is quite less around 0.6, which is quite safe and secure.  
OTG feature will be must in nearer future. Good things is Lenovo VIBE P1 already has that feature. ;)  
VERDICT:  
If your budget is 15k around, don't hesitate to add 1k extra and buy this SUPER COOL model. 5,5 inch long & beautiful display, attractive and decent UI,stong battery back up and many more interesting featured phone is nearly PERFECT for a daily user of any age.   


5 stars

 Ganeshan Suren...

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 SON OF GUN  

 I just got the phone delivered at just 16hrs on Sunday thanks flipkart I'm using this mob for nearly 2weeks and above I would lyk to share something 
PROS:
1. Giant internal at this price 
2. Fingerprint is awesome I will give 10on10 to it but I thought the finger print system will be lyk oneplus 2 
3. It also has expandable storage (don't use Samsung mc )
4. Charging is just awesome I can't just believe it bcoz it just charges in 50mins minimum and 1.30hrs maximum (use only lenovo chargers)
5.ui is handy
6.those who expect phone at sub 15k pls buy just add 1000 to ur desired amount 
7.good camera I don't think any bad in it ( it don't have timer option so use other camera apps)
8.snapdragon (one word is enough those who want long lyf phone don't buy mediatek pls)
9.no heating issue believe me I'm a heavy user 
10.nice to see nfc and dual 4g at mobile at 16k
11.radio coverage is awesome 
CONS: 
1.sound quality is not up to mark
2.instead of back cover and screen guard thy could have given headset
3.have some little hanging problem (but doesn't irritate u much)
4.heavy (my suggestions is that those who already used heavy phone will not feel heavy)
5.ram could have been more (I know its a greedy wish )
6.I don't have more cons to say these cons itself I copied from other user and my frnds review according to me sound could have been better 
 I CAN ASSURE U THAT U CAN CLEARLY BUY THIS PHONE CONFIDENTLY   




#############################PAGE-11#####################################
5 stars

 Anshul

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 Best Deal  

 A good phone with amazing specifications  
One of the main reasons I chose Vibe P1 is a good processor, huge battery life and extensive internal memory.
Pros:
1. Battery: Outstanding battery backup even when the phone is extensively used. I use it primarily for games, browsing and long calls. The backup is good even when you are playing high graphic games. The Battery lasts for minimum of 28 -30 hours which includes Wi-Fi Connected for the whole time, 5-6 hours of gaming and using apps and browsing
2. RAM: Vibe P1 has 2GB RAM which has been sufficient foe smoothing running of the phones. The phone’s performance was up to the mark whether it is gaming or browsing. There are Smartphones that offer 3GB RAM or even higher but the performance can’t be better than this.
3. Camera: It has a reasonably good camera which is in no way lower in comparison to cameras of other smartphones. Images are clear and HDR mode makes the images even better. The image quality is definitely as per the standard of a good smartphone. Anyways, there is no point of comparing it with DSLR.
4. Heating: I have been using it for over a month and I didn’t face any heating issue at all. Even if you are facing heating issue, make sure you have updated your phone.
5. Memory: It provides 32GB internal memory which is way more than sufficient for your apps, movies and games. The phone doesn’t lag even when the considerable amount of internal memory is occupied. So obviously you don’t require any additional memory card.
6. Fingerprint Scanner: It is one of the additional features that is not available in any of the smartphones that fall under this price range. The scanner is accurate and just needs to be configured once and it will work almost every time.
7. Charging: Fast charging option is option is available which will charge the phone in less than 2 hours.
8. Design: It has a rich and elegant look especially with the back finish and metal body 
Cons:
I didn’t find anything particularly bad about it. Display brightness has been one aspect where it can improve. The screen brightness is not as much as compared to other smartphones and that can be noticed by keeping other smartphone next to it.  


2 stars
KRISHNARJUN SINGH

 12 Jan 2016 
 
 Facing network issue in this mobile  

 I am using this mobile for more than a month. This mobile is a mixed bag of things as Display and sound is very good. Display is sharp and rich with nice color coming out, sound is loud and clear. Battery backup is satisfactory when considering its size(4900mah). Camera performance is not upto mark details are not clear like a 13mp at zooming quality is nowhere as one may expect from a 13mp camera, while its fast on clicking pics but not good at focusing. The major problem what I am facing with this mobile is it's signal reception strength. Network reception is a major flaw of this mobile. This phone is good for Music and Videos, Average in Camera and Bad in signal reception. 


1 star

 brio

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 fake!!  

 the device is just good.but if you still want to buy it dont buy it from flipkart..or u ll end up with same type of thoughts and words which cant be expressed in this column,even with the right of free speech. 


5 stars

 Pratik Pathak

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Excellent!  

 Nothing to say much..................... Go for it..................... It's worth the money........  


5 stars

 Mohit sharma

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Totally satisfied  

 the best phone with the good quality of sensors and the end user experience is good must buy chargers very fast 


4 stars

 Thiru

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 This phone Rocks If you dont need good quality pictures  

 Pros 
* Battery - Lasts 2 to 2.5 on moderate usage. I dont game and browser much.
* Premium Build Quality
* Look & Feel
* Fingerprint Unlock - No need to type the PIN/pattern everytime.
* Option to switch Vibe UI to Android UI - If you need pure Google experience, you should do this right away. 
Cons 
* Camera quality Sucks big time. If you are photo junky, move on. I wish this could be fixed by software, but tried with other apps, same issue.
* No Marshmellow update and no ETA from Lenovo as of today (4th Jan 2016)
* SIM Card and SD Card slots are bit difficult to do, I fear the locking mechanism will break and leave with open. We dont do this often, but could have been user friendly.  


5 stars

 Sunil kumar K

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome Phone with a good battery....  

 Ordered the phone on 21st of December and got it on 24 th... Have used around 4 smart phone before this ( Sony , moto to name few).... Needless to say the battery backup of Lenovo Vibe P1 is superb....I could easily manage two days with one time charging of 100 %.... Massive memory of 32 gb with 128 expandale....what else u need.....The camera quality not that great but not bad.....Its little over weight but I loved that.....overall its a good smart phone with in the range of 15k....Go for it you will love this too.... 


4 stars
Ramesh Hsemar

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Power house! \m/  

 Reviewing almost after 2 months of usage.  
Pros: 
- Excellent battery back up with fast charging in 1 n 1/2 hrs. #ThatsWhatWeWant :D
- 32 GB internal memory. #FairEnough
- Fingerprint scanner working great! 
- No heating problem, no lag, no disturbances. #WhatElseYouWant.  
Cons:
- A bit heavy to carry. (But remember it has a 4900 mah battery). 
- It comes with 2 GB RAM, 3 GB RAM would have been great! 
- Camera is above average. Selfie cam is pretty good though.
- No headset in the box, as it already mentioned in the site.  
Final Verdict: Go for it, its the phone you are looking for. \m/ 


5 stars
Aman Mehra

 02 Jan 2016 
 
 Best option in 15K range  

 I bought this mobile due to good battery backup. Doesn't hang, has lots of internal memory i.e. 32GB. Quality wise it is better than Samsung. Go for it. 


5 stars

 Subhash Nalawade

 02 Jan 2016 
 
 Great Phone at affordable price!  

 I was looking to upgrade my phone for last one year, but nothing was meeting my requirements. I was about to buy Oneplus 2, but decided against it after noticing that it does not have FM radio. I was also looking for bit cheaper phone if possible, because in this fast paced mobile world, mobiles are becoming obsolete in 2-3 years, so did not want to spend fortune on mobile (more than 18 or 20k) 
When I saw this phone & some reviews, I decided to buy this phone because it met nearly all my requirements. It is a no compromise (mostly :-) ) phone. 
I like following things about this phone - 
+ Phone is loaded with features & sensors. Fingerprint, nfc, battery, Micro SD card, dual sim etc + sensors like gyroscope (Moto x play misses it)
+ Fingerprint sensor - This is a must & not a gimmick anymore. I would recommend anyone to buy phone with fingerprint sensor (as a general rule) & you would like its easiness & safety.
+ Battery & charging - For my low-medium use, lasts 3 days (5 hours screen on-time). With heavy use also it definitely lasts 1.5 days; Charges also quite quickly.
+ Looks - Elegant
+ Display - Good bright display. I love it. Maybe not crisp-clear (Font-wise) like iphone though.
+ SIMs - Dual SIM, Can use both Onsite country SIM & Indian SIM (to get banking pins/messages).
+ Memory Card – Currently using 64 GB card. Going to install 128GB soon, giving total memory of 155-160GB.
+ No LAG 
+ Choice to choose Stock Android launcher
+ Call Quality - good. No call drops.
+ No Heating issue observed.
+ Price - quite affordable considering features it offers
+ Loud speakers 
Some problem areas -
- Camera is not so good
- Bit heavy, but manageable. If used with cover/case (even the one provided by Lenovo), the phone becomes bit difficult to operate with one hand. If I remove case, I can operate with one hand. (I have big hand though)
- Speaker output is of medium quality, but I mostly use good quality headphones
- RAM could have been higher, but never faced any issue with 2GB. Always have 800MB-1GB free.  
Some suggestions for use -
= Power Management - Go to "Settings->Power Manager->Background app management" & deselect apps to stop them from auto-starting in background. e.g. I have disabled YouTube, map, playstore from auto-starting, because they serve no purpose to me. I can start them whenever I need.
= If you are not getting good battery life, install a Battery APP & observe behaviors of APP which eat too much battery. Either kill them or reinstall. There might be some issue with the APP.
= If you are not going to use some apps for quite long time, clean up all apps from task manager or at least those apps which will not be used. This will save battery.
= Look for memory leaks of any APP. 
Overall I am very satisfied with this phone after 2 months of use. This is very nice phone with nearly no compromise. 




#############################PAGE-12#####################################
5 stars
Shubham Nerkar

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 best phone till the date (considering price)  

 this is 2nd time i have brought vibe p1. 1st one was silver n now grey. phone is just amazing. This time i got it only for 12.2k. i was waiting for K4 note but i dont think it will have such humongous battery.
just dont think go for it....only thing that disappoints me is no headphones...but still its ok u can buy it seperate 


4 stars

 Abhishek Shah

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Best for the price...lenovo vibe p1 rocks  

 Great phone, battery is simply super. Looks great and much like HTC One Series. 
+ Fantastic design
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Lesser SAR values (compared to predecessors)
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery
+ Can be used as a powerbank to other devices.
+ Speaker quality is excellent 
A true multi utility phone, value for money. 


5 stars

 Piyush Gupta

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Absolutely Fantasic  

 Bought it during the Great App Sale, and man, what a phone I bought!! 
DISPLAY: Beautiful. bright enough to use in direct sunlight, so no complaints there. 
GIGANTIC BATTERY: lasts 2-3 days with more than moderate use. 
FINGERPRINT: works perfectly 
CAMERA: zero-shutter lag feature is good, everything else is good (for a phone, its no SLR) 
PERFORMANCE: no lag, works smoothly with 10+ apps running in background. 
other than these, you can switch between VibeUI and Android launcher, as suited. I personally prefer Android because I use Nexus tab 
looks and feels premium. bit heavy than the rest, but a Huge battery and Metal body is bound to add weight. 
installed 3 updates of 215, 33 and 42 MB as soon as switching on, and have not faced any heating issue yet. 
plus loads of other features like double tap to wake, secure zone, scheduled switch-off and switch-on etc... 
I say, if u like the looks, dont worry for anything else and go for it. 


5 stars

 Manish

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Super Phone  

 Bought this phone nearly a month ago.  
Previously I had a phone with battery issues in it and was searching for a phone which could help me forget the pain of charging and trust me I have done lot of research in trying to find a phone which ticks the right boxes for the last 3-4 months.
Only this phone met those requirements.  
Pros: 
Great battery backup - I charge it once in 2.5 or 3 days and the phone is used by me, my 4 year old daughter so you can assume the kind of stress that it goes through :). There are times when its at 20% I start thinking when will it get over so that I can charge it. 
Super display - The FHD display is awesome. Playing games or watching movies is a great experience. 
Sound - Man this is the loudest phone that I have ever used. Even on a road full of people n traffic you will be able to hear your phone ringing. Sound quality is awesome. 
Heating Issue - There is absolutely nothing called Heating on this phone. It gets warm but which phone with a Octacore does not? Amazing. 
Lags, Graphics speed - Its a monster in this segment - Faced no lags on any of the game that I played. Speed is super, I always have nearly 1GB of memory free. 
Camera - I am not a camera fan, however the pics that I took were decent enough. If I expect SLR level on a 16K phone I would be a fool. 
If you are thinking of buying this phone: stop thinking - just buy it. This here is a 5 star phone.  
Got it delivered within 18 hours, so thanks to Flipkart for it. 


4 stars

 Dhiren Desai

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 great phone  

 great phone...grt BATTERY LIFE.
good camera.
HEAVY but worth it. 
wish RAM was min. 3 but still happy 
prompt delivery by FLIPKART. 


5 stars
sandeep Vegad

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe P1  

 Vibe P1 is a bit heavy cell, if you go according to its weight, Also has a big screen than normal cellphones.. But it has a good battery life of three days, nice rear camera quality during night time.. Lenovo provides a new feature of finger print sensor in this budgeted cellphone.. 
All in all a nice cell to buy than other Samsung phones. 


5 stars
Shikhar Tiwari

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Incredible bang for the buck.  

 Awesome phone. I can say this is the best phone In this price range after using this phone for 27 days.  
The quick take.  
The Good(pros) 
Battery backup is superb. 
Fingerprint scanner is too good.
Looks scream premium. 
Loudspeaker is very loud. 
Call quality never disappoints.  
The Average:
Camera performance is hit or miss, strictly average. 
Gaming performance is not bad, but not too good either. 
Display isn't too dim or too bright for that matter.  
The bad(cons) 
UNAVAILABILITY of accessories in the market. 
Weight(although the 5,000 Mah batter makes up for it)  
Detailed review.  
Battery performance.  
The best battery performance you can find right now in this or any range. 
I get at least 8 hours of screen on time from this phone with stand by time of at least 20-22 hours. With the heaviest of usage I could manage to kill the battery of in a day at maximum. Although it lasts more than a day on most occasions.
The rocket charger included in the box manages to charge the phone in an astonishing 90 mins. Yes you heard me right 0-100% in just 90 mins that too for a 5000mah battery. Just too good. And btw the phone heats up during charge. Try not using your phone when it charges. 
This phone charges like ussain bolt and discharges at a snail's pace.
Overall I rate the battery performance 10/10.  
Display  
This is a confused tale. Lenovo's software management of the displays brightness is a joke. Auto brightness makes the phone too dim. There is super brightness mode in settings under display option. Find it under display color balance. There is also a manual mode for adjusting brightness according to your taste. With super brightness mode the screen visibility is helped even under sunlight. Overall the display panel is good but the software management for the brightness is awful. 
Overall I would give the display 8/10 
Camera performance.  
Rear camera: 
The camera performance is a complete mixed bag. Under appropriate lighting conditions the results obtained with this camera is usually good but when you come to indoors or low light the photos tend to get noisy. 
HDR mode helps with the lighting part. But overall I feel the dynamic range is too less in this camera set up as it is mostly unable to depict true colors. 
My rating for the rear cam would be 7/10 
Front : 
The front camera has a similar story like the rear cam. Good lighting produces good pictures. There is a hidden screen flash for the front camera (kinda like the I phone 6s).
Don't really like the color reproduction of the any of the cameras front or rear in this phone. Mostly colors appear washed out.  
Overall Rating would be 6/10. 
Fingerprint scanner: 
This is really an awesome feature to have at such a price range. Works well for me. Just pay attention while you configure the fingerprint recognition. Works 95/100 times for me. Although it isn't blazingly fast but it does the job. 
Rating would definitely be 10/10 for getting this premium feature at a such a price point. 
Build quality: 
Premium is all I can say for this. Its the best build quality in any smartphone in this price range. Period. 
Solidly build . I've had a drop or two and the phones manage to survive without much trouble. A job very well done.  
Overall rating 10/10 
Performance : 
Performance has been fine and there hasn't been any causes for worry. Multitasking is usually smooth with very rare lags here n there. 
Gaming performance has been more like average. Games like dead trigger 2 are playable without any lags. 
Hasn't disappointed me in the performance department ever. There are occasional lags though.  
Gaming performance rating :7/10 
Overall rating 9/10 
Other bits and pieces: 
There is a heavy unavailability of tempered screen guards and good quality covers for this in the open market so this is a definite negative point.  
Although lenovo provides a case and a screen protector but the screen protector isn't the tempered glass one.  
Headphones aren't present in the box you'll need to get one yourselves. The JBL T150A & byte corseca serve me fine with my Vibe P1. 
The vibe ui provides a lot of functionality like double tap to wake, flip to sleep, micro screen, wide touch etc. 
 I prefer using the android style launcher over vibe ui as it provides an app drawer.  
And yeah those of you who want to know about the status of Android marshmallow update for this phone, yes it's coming in March or April 2016.  
Initially the phone felt heavy but within 3-4 days usage I got used to the weight and it doesn't feel bulky at all.  
Overall I'm very much satisfied with my purchase of this phone and I would whole heartedly recommend this phone to everyone who is looking for good battery backup, premium build quality and good security mechanism.  
Hope my review helps. Thanks for reading this review. 


5 stars
baraiyamohit88

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 best phone  

 Good phone
Battery is good
Not hanging problems
Goog screen
3gb ram good fast phone 


5 stars

 Momon Haokip

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone  

 i had used it over a month now and so far its simply the best... bye bye Power Banks!!! Everything about it is so cool. Though its a bit heavier than most smart phones, the fact that the battery supports for over two days nullify this con. Camera in natural lights is awesome and not to forget the POwer Charger-its a beast!!! Go for it-you'll never regret. 


4 stars

 Rajesh Kamath

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone with Amazing Battery life  

 Pros :
The phone is very good, extremely fast. Does not heat while using, but heats a little while charging... Voice is clear with no disturbance and loud spear volume is very good, even audible in heavy traffic / noisy conditions..
Battery lasts almost more than 24hrs, with heavy usage.... 
Cons :
The phone is very slippery and slips on the table even with s slight push..
Twice it slipped from my hand, but fortunately could manage to catch it again before hitting the ground.
Lenovo should not have given a smooth back panel, and instead of protective film, Lenovo should have given anti slip stickers...
Tried with the back panel / flip cover, this makes the phone very bulky and heavy, adding to already heavy phone of 189gms. 
I would have given 5 stars, but due to slipping problem, 1 star less  




#############################PAGE-13#####################################
5 stars
Shahnawaz Khan

 27 Dec 2015 
 
 Every Thing is Good. But Camara!!!  

 # Good Sound 
# Good Battery 
# Good Display 
# Front Facing Camera Good 
# Only Back Camara is Not Good 


5 stars

 Rakshit

 27 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Value For Money.  

 I wanted a phone with a good battery life and a good display so I did some research and finally decided to go for the Lenovo Vibe P1. I received the phone within one day after placing the order and also the packaging was good, thanks to flipkart. The phone works perfectly well although there are some minor cons with the device. However, I feel that the pros pretty much outweigh the cons and hence this makes the phone a great value for money.  
Pros:  
1)The best thing about this phone is the battery life.It has a mammoth battery of 4900mAh. I use dual sim and the phone is always on WiFi or mobile data and it easily lasts for about 1.5+ days which is pretty good.
2)The 24W charger supplied is really fast and charges the phone(5% to 100%) in around than 100 minutes which is awesome. The phone can also be used as a power bank but i do not personally use that feature.
3)The display quality is excellent. Full HD(1920x1080) resolution on a 5.5 inch phone is more than adequate. Text is sharp, colors are accurate and the brightness is adequate. The super bright mode makes is very bright and it gives good visibility under direct sunlight. Gorilla glass 3 protection is also included.
4)The fingerprint scanner is definitely a welcome move by lenovo in this price range. Also there is a physical LED notification light.
5)The loudspeaker is very loud, probably the loudest i have ever seen in a mobile phone.
6)The build quality is excellent. Looks premium. Even though it is a large 5.5 inch screen phone but it feels sturdy and robust in the hands.
7)The Hardware provided is great for the price. Snapdragon 615 Octacore processor(quad core 1.5 GHz Cortex A-53 + quad core 1 GHz Cortex A-53), Adrenno 405 GPU, 2 GB ram, 32 GB ROM which are really great. What more can you expect at this price range?
8)The call quality is also excellent. Signal reception is good and so is the audio output from the earpiece.
9) The back camera quality is good and it takes good quality pictures in daylight. The front camera quality is also good.
10)The overall performance of the device is good, touch is smooth, casual games work well(I do not play heavy games so cannot say about their performance) and no heating whatsoever.  
Cons:  
1)The camera does not perform so well in artificial light and low lighting conditions. This is maybe due the aperture size which is f/2.2. Lenovo should have provided at least f/2.0 for the primary camera.
2)The device is a bit bulky, though not very heavy but still on the heavier side.
3)The notification LED is cannot be customized. It glows red when charging and blinks blue when there is a notification. The blue color is not much visible from a distance.
4)The fingerprint scanner is not the best, works around 70 percent of the time.
5)The menu buttons backlight is not very bright.
6) There is some minor lag here and there but it is not much noticeable and can be neglected. 
So overall it is an excellent device, the end user experience is superb and you won't be disappointed by it. 


5 stars
Chandrakanth B S

 27 Dec 2015 
 
 Battery Unmatchable  

 I am using the device from past one week , with regular usage which includes 4G Data all the day,FM and with normal voice calls i am getting the battery for almost 2 days . No lagging , No hang ,good display and not heavy but feels very little bit slower compared to my earlier samsung S5 . 


3 stars

 Vipul

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 quite good phone  

 i am using the phone from a month ago.
the only fault i fount in it is its gorilla glass..its of very poor quality.it got scrached by keeping it in pocket..rest is awsome...awsome look...awsome performance. 


3 stars

 KARTHIKESAN

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe p1  

 lenovo vibe p1 phone is awesome but phone is heating about 47 degree celsius .
fast charge mode is maximum working on without using phone.
it is little bit worst than lenovo k3 note because it is 1.7 octa core mt processor,lenovo vibe p1 is 1.5 quad core snapdragon&additional 1.0 quad core is used but it exact like octa core & small than lenovo k3 note.
fingerprint sensor is wonderful &pretty fast in maximum 1 sec.
battery is 5000mah. 


4 stars

 Maulik Thakkar

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Product with huge battery life  

 It's a nice product from lenovo with huge and nice battery life. 
Pros:
-->Huge Battery Life.
-->Rear Camera Quality is Nice & Cool.
-->Display is nice with vibrant Colors. 
Cons:
-->Lenovo vibe p1 comes with 4900 mah battery so its a bit bulky.
-->Front camera quality is not up to the mark.
-->Menu style is so cheap (the biggest cons.) 
Overall it is the good product to buy and I personally recommended it.  


4 stars

 Abhishek Illindra

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth with price  

 Good phone at this price rate. 
Phone is damm good .Battery is so high no need to charge for 2 days.
Loved the finger sensor
Corns
Heavy in weight  


5 stars

 Anirudh Gaunker

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 A Decent Overall Package!  

 In my opinion I would rate this phone 4.4/5! 
Below are some key Pros and Cons of the phone after using the phone for over a month. 
Pros
1)Excellent build quality.
2)Long lasting battery and charges up pretty fast too.
3)Option to choose between Vibe UI and pure Android UI.
4)32GB inbuilt storage if that’s not enough for you than there is also expandable storage upto 128Gbs! 
5)Dual Sims (LTE + LTE)
6)Speaker output is pretty loud though it’s a single speaker only. 
Cons
1)Fingerprint scanner is sometimes not responsive.
2)Average camera it could have been a little better.
3)Lenovo has comprised a bit on the screen brightness though it has a huge battery but there a plenty of option to make the display usable under all conditions. 
4)Minor UI lags here and there likely because of SD 615 processor.
5)Not a good option for very heavy gamer’s as one will notice some minor frame drops in games such as Nova 3 and all.  
NOTE: - One thing is there that this phone is certainly getting better and better with updates from Lenovo and I really hope that Lenovo updates it to Android M pretty soon!   


3 stars

 Haimanta Dawar...

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Not satisfied fully with the battery back up  

 I received the phone just yesterday(23rd Dec'15) and as per my experience of 1 day, I didn't find the battery that brilliant. Yes, its battery back up is quite good but not something like out of the world. I had got it full charged at around 11:30 am and then was using through out the day.. A lot of updates of size between 22 to 42 MB was coming all day and I updated all of them. During the day, I made a few calls, listened to 2-3 songs on speaker and played Tap the Frog a few times, watched a few videos in youtube and uploaded one or two apps. That's it.. but by 8:30 pm my battery drained down to 15% and I had to charge it again. 
Obviously, 11:30 am to 8:30 pm is not bad but considering the phone as brand new and with a battery as huge as 5000mAh I was expecting a lot better. 
I have to say a bit disappointed. I don't know if its with my phone piece in particular but this expectation of Heavy Battery backup fizzled out. 
Else, the phone is a good package and definitely an above average phone. Its bulky due to the battery. Performance is smooth. The charging from Rocket charger is real fast reach 30% to 100% in 1/2 hr.The camera quality is ok. Fingerprint yet to check.
The Lenovo UI is likeable!  


5 stars
Tarun Lakhyani

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Master class....!!!  

 Master class in batteryand entertainment ,but lags a bit in camera...but it fells premium in hand 




#############################PAGE-14#####################################
5 stars

 ARINDAM KAR

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Great phone at this price  

 Pros:
1) Huge battery
2) Fast charging charger
3) No lag, very smooth
4) Ability to switch between LenovoUI and pure AndroidUI
5) Both front and back camera are decent
6) Sound is loud and clear
7) Upgradeable to AndroidM
8) 32GB inbuilt memory
9) Decent finger print scanner
10) Free back cover and screen guard 
Cons:
1) Heated up while charging, but I think that is reasonable as we are charging 5000mAh battery with a fast charging charger
2) Charger cable is bit short
3) Display is on bit darker side
4) Should have given 3GB RAM to help heavy game player. Though I think 2GB RAM is more than enough for most of the users including me. 


5 stars
Fatema Arsiwala

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing!!  

 Been using Vibe P1 since one month...just love the phone
Was little apprehensive to buy it because I have been using Samsung since long time...My last phone was Samsung Note2
I am so happy that I went for Vibe P1 


2 stars

 Raja

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Continuous bugs, replaced 2 phones!!!  

 I really liked the look of this phone, but seems to have more bugs!  
The one I received first got finger print and hanging problem and later i got replaced with new one. And again this one has camera issues where it takes mirror image even though the setting is right. Got checked with Flipkart CC and good they are giving me one more replacement. Hope it would be good. Not ease to have mobile in pocket while driving, quite BIG and I'm scared it would break. 
Apart from the above few glitches, this phone is amazing with more features. 


5 stars
Shaikh Mohseen Ahmed

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P 1  

 its good mobile providing long lasting battery excellent feature of making it normal phone use full when battery in dying condition 


5 stars

 Prashant Sharma

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 BAAP of ANDROID PHONES  
 
Buy this phone with full confidence.  
+ Good battery backup. Fast charging.
+ Camera clarity is awesome in day/night
+ Fantastic design
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Lesser SAR values (compared to predecessors)
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery
+ Can be used as a powerbank to other devices.
+ Speaker quality is excellent 


5 stars

 Advitiya Sodha

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money!  

 It's an amazing phone with even amazing features & an excellent battery life! The fingerprint sensor is an add on! The screen is wide & clear! The camera works good! Sound is loud & clear...But the best feature has to be the power house battery, takes just about 1 hour to fully charge! Best phone in this range! Go for it :) 


5 stars
Sachin Lal

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent battery and optimized performance  

 Vibe 1 is an excellent phone and i am quite happu after shifting from samsung note 3.
1. Battery is excellent. Even after playing gamea and good 3g use it last for more than 1.1/2 days..  
2. Full Charge in just 70 minutes. Very fast charging 
3. Camera is ok but not that great but i dont use it to take Dslrs type pictures. Generally used in business activities and the quality is acceptable 
4. The 2 options of android and lenova view is good enough as for me i was addicted to android platform while using note 3 and its comfortable  
5. Processor and ram used in general usage does not make you feel that phone is slow even using high apps like autocad. The phone remains fast and in its ability to perform other actions if required 
6. The sound quality is excellent while speaking to anyone or even using it in music mode 
I would rate 5 stars as it made me tension free for battery and overall performance after shifting from note 3  


5 stars

 Himanshu Gohil

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 A phone worth buying.  

 This is one of the few phones which gives a deep satisfaction after purchase. Things i love about this phone are a 5000 mAh battery with fast charging, which last longer than almost all other phones, excellent fingerprint sensor, and a very good display. I was using honor 6 before this phone and find this phone worth as an upgrade. 


5 stars

 Rahul Bhagi

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Phone Review after 1 month of use  

 Great phone, lasts easily for 2 days with heavy usage( a lot of high end games, 6 Hrs video playback, listening to audio for 2-3 hrs, 4-5 hrs browsing) 
Does not lag at all as said in some previous reviews. Awesome build quality. Good camera with dual tone LED. Watching HD videos is a treat for the eyes. Very good call reception and connectivity. Ample of storage space. 
Best phone in this price range with all these specs. Also offers a fingerprint sensor in home button. Vibe UI is excellent. You can even easily charge your friend's mobile upto 3 times on one charge from your phone. USB OTG also offered. 
+ Fantastic design
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Lesser SAR values (compared to predecessors)
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery
+ Can be used as a powerbank to other devices.
+ Speaker quality is excellent 
Conclusion: Best phone. Buy it if you're concerned with battery. Value for money. Completely satisfied. Smooth multitasking. Silver is better looking than the Grey color variant. Gives good feel in hand. Premium phone. 


5 stars

 VENKATA SIMHAD...

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent!!! Marvelous Phone With Great Battery Life....!!!!  

 Excellent phone with great Battery and huge specifications.
Good Mobile in this Range…fully satisfied. 
THANKS TO LENOVO.....!! for giving below specs....  
excellent 2GB RAM and 32GB Internal Memory...
Lightweight phone....
4900 mAh Battery Superb backup.. No need to carry power banks. 
Very smooth touch screen.
Camera is very good ... Image quality is very very good.
Sound system also good.
Phone received along with Screen guard and Good quality Back cover.
Game apps running smoothly no hangings.  
Very fast delivery by Flipkart, with in 24 hours i got this phone I ordered on 17th December afternoon and received on 20th December. Thanks to Flipkart and Ekart logistics. 
I would like to recommend this mobile is very good at this price and just go for it without second thought!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.....   




#############################PAGE-15#####################################
5 stars
SRIJITH PL

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 My WOW Experience of LENOVO P1 Vibe  

 Friends, i have got this P1 VIBE in hand on Nov 22 , the more i use the more i am loving it.. Battery Backup is just WOW, even after being full time on WIFI (Work/Home), i still get 3 full days backup.I re-charge my mobile only once in 4 days.. Rear Camera is not as commented by other users, i took a snap of my daughter and got it printed poster size for birthday party and u wont believe the clarity it is. "Just Superb". The front camera is also gud...With the OTG feature, now i am able to charge my Alternate mobile & Wife mobile if emergency.I stopped using Power Bank.. P1 VIBE is a bit heavy wen compared to other makes due to its Aluminum Body but still suits my daily requirements. 
I have recommended LENOVO P1 VIBE to my friends/family. they even booked P1 VIBE and are eagerly waiting to experience my experience.. 


5 stars
Mohammed Khalid

 12 Dec 2015 
 
 Good  

 Purchased one month before, till now i didn't face any problem. Overall Satisfied, especially the battery is awesome. 


4 stars

 vamshi

 12 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone but worst for gaming  

 I am giving my reviews after 1 week of usage 
cons
1.heavy
2.worst performer for gaming
3.free case given has lot of scratches
4.Camera quality is worst ever 
Pros
1.Excellent fast charging features
2.Awesome touch best in market
3.Nice finger print scanner
4.This phone is Mr cool continuous play of game for 7 to 8 hrs also wont heat it(always 27 to 35 degrees Max) but there are lot of lag and frame drops in game.
5.Nice metal body
6.good signal strength and sound clarity
7.good battery backup still not as expected with 5000 mah 


5 stars
Naveenraj Rajadev...

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 HELPED IN THE FLOOD POWER CUT.NON STOP 4 DAYS IT WORKED  

 I am from chennai and in the floods last week we had heavy rain followed by flood and power cut for continious 5 daYS... This phone stood by me throught the week.. even when all the other people in my whole street was out of power my phone was standing like a king...ITS THE BEST BEAST.... 


4 stars

 Ashish Yadav

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 Good hardware but Camera is not Like 13MP  

 i brought this phone today and used it.
Hardware by Lenovo is very good. Fingerprint sensor is very good. Phone handling is good. Quite fast in using. Battery is too good.. over all Handset is very good. 
Only the bad thing i found about this phone is its camera. when i used its camera The 13MP shooter assembled in this Phone is not to the the mark. when you zoom in the clicked picture the pixels gets teared.
BUt if you dont want to use the camera much. Then this is the Best phone in this Price.. 
Overall Awesome..... 


5 stars

 Vijay Bhaskar G

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 Classisc look!!  

 Good phone Really impressive with fingerprint option.
Huge battery, looks good.
good processor.
over all good phone at this Range!!  


4 stars

 ANUJ VARMA

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 exhilarated promises by Lenovo  

 Reviewing after 1 month use. 
The Good:
1) battery life in excess of 24 hours for some serious heavy use ( my office mails, whatsapp, youtube, net surfing, Gmail )
2) Charges from 20% to 100% in just 1 hour using provided Rocket Charger
3) no issues with proximity sensors
4) no heating while playing games/browsing
5) UI is simple and easy to use
6) sunlight legibility is decent
7) speaker volume is swesome
8) no call drops faced ever ( mine on Airtel 4G SIM ) 
The Bad:
1) Very Very heavy phone...needs time to get used to its weight
2) Transparent cover provided in box makes it even more slippery mostly due to its weight
3) When charger plugged in, it heats up like Induction Cooker
4) Touchscreen sensitivity is pathetic...all the time missing alphabets while typing. It irritates a lot.
5) Finer print scanner takes approx 2 seconds to unlock screen. No match to iPhone's and Nexus's finder print scanner
6) out of the 2 speaker grills, only the right side one is actual speaker; so while playing games in landscape mode, we tend to naturally cover the grill will finger and it blocks the sound
7) if you put the transparent cover (which comes in the box), the accessibility to volume rocker & power button becomes difficult. Needs to use them with nails at time to hit properly ( well, this is not a con though because u may very well use the phone without that cover)
8) NFC on my phone not working...might be my bad luck. 
If you can live with those touchscreen issues and not a big fan of finer print scanner, then this phone is not a bad deal in 16k rupees. 
My need was good battery life and there it scores well. 


5 stars

 NITIN JAISWAL

 08 Dec 2015 
 
 5 star fone... Highly recommended....  

 I have been using this phone for last 2 weeks and I can say confidently that I made a right choice. Previously I was using s3 and it was an amazing phone : very beautiful, able and very good screen. However, one thing I have observed on any android phone is that they are suckers when I comes to battery. I haven't seen or heard any android phone u can be sure that the battery would last the day. 
But this phone is a real beast when it comes to battery. I couldn't believe myself when I saw that the battery dropped from 70% at 10 am to 62% at 7:30 pm when I came home.
No issues with performance either. It has worked like a dream since I received it with no lag whatsoever.
Those who are talking about heating issues, I don't know whether they have upgraded to latest firmware or not coz I have upgraded immediately on receipt of handset and have never felt any heating at all.
Only disappointment which I felt could have been better is the screen. Its slightly on the dimmer side. Why I am a little disappointed is bcoz my galaxy s3 with 306 PPI was having better screen than that of lenovo P1's 401 PPI screen.
Otherwise this phone is worth every penny u are spending. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a good phone with beast of a battery.  


5 stars

 Michael Chenay...

 08 Dec 2015 
 
 great phone...!  

 used a lot of phones till date including iphone.. but never liked a phone so much.... its really nice, just a bit heavy.. but when u think about the battery...! u forget about the weight.
the finger print sensor also works great. 


5 stars
Mythesh Kumar

 08 Dec 2015 
 
 excellent.  

 Last one month itself iam using Lenovo Vipe P1. 
1, Excellent battery backup
2. No hanging 
3. sounds very good
4. Camera very good especially video recording amazing
5. touch screen very smooth  
Before i had Sony , Nokia, Samsung all having battery issues but VIPE P1 no issues 




#############################PAGE-16#####################################
5 stars

 Abizer Khambati

 06 Dec 2015 
 
 love it  

 this is the best phone ever love its features amazing battery the metal feels premium love it
no words for it 


5 stars
Shyam Sundar

 06 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money  

 I am using this product from past one month. 
1. Battery life is very good
2. Camera quality is excellent.
3. Sound quality is excellent.
4. Fast charging is is a advanced feature. But the fast charging works only with it's charger not with other chargers.
5. I use silver color and look is very good.
6. Light weight and handy to carry.
7. The home key is push button key, in place of that i touch key was provided than it was a nice phone.
8. The battery saving small key is one of the additional feature of it which turns the phone into call and message mode only. Using this key you can prevent your kid to use this phone.
9. I don't play more games hence no suggestion about gaming
10. Camera shutter speed is super fast. 


5 stars

 AK Mehra

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 OVERALL A GOOD PRODUCT IN THIS PRICE RANGE  

 Have been using this product for one week. Everything is working very good ...fingerprint reader is very responsive...battery back is really good ...this phone comes with 4900 mah battery and becoz of this you can feel a bit heavy but you will be comfortable after 2-3 days and dont forget you are getting a long power backup so if its 40 gram heavier then other phone its okk....front camera is also good.....some people are commenting that its rear camera is not good ....trust me if it is not good then its not bad also.....and you can also choose stock android as you user interface other then Lenovo's Vibe UI.....and performance of this phone is really good while playing games and without getting heated... and you will also get a glass back cover and screen guard with it....m satisfied. 


5 stars
anish karan

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 jhakkasssssssss  

 great mobile with great features........
especially with respect to its battery life......
and also its camera.......its simply great 


5 stars

 Subhajit Chakr...

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 jUSTTTTTTTTTTTTTT aWSMMMMMMMMMMMM  

 NOTHING IS NEEDED IN THIS PHONE...ALL SPECIFICATION ARE SUPPORT..JUST AWSMM...JUST BUY IT..NO DOUBT.. 


5 stars

 Rajat Jena

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 awesome phone  

 awesome phone .... with best battery performance. good features and security concerns are also good .. screen size is pretty good and handy 


5 stars
DrHari Krishna

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Unbelievable Secrets of lenovo vibe p1 mobile  

 Amazing product from lenovo... I didnt expected this much.
Positive aspects: 
1. 5000 mah battery soooper...back up for 4 days in normal call and msg and 15 hrs continues heavy use on wifi internet and gaming
2. Amazing built quality and it is a shame for iphone 5s and samsung note 4
3. And some very hidden important things about vibe p1 which other users failed to notice are
Amazing Agps reciever. It is no1 gps powerful reciever in the world ever made.
Super quality sensors including magnetometer.
Super engineering electronic built technology , we can understand it by the using and how they managed to avoid heating use in heavy usage. Screen quality and clarity is amazing. ..not even exceeding 34degree Celsius even in heavy usage. Thank you lenovo for this amazing product. 


5 stars

 Nilesh Asawa

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 Best in Class of 12 to 22 K  

 Looks: Awesome
Battery : Gr8888888888
Touch: Buttersmooth
Camera: Many said its average, but it is having much better camera than its peers
UI: Excellent work by LENOVO 
Conclusion : Just go for it without second thought 
Additional features like OTG, Finger scanner are icing on cake  


5 stars
Rony Davy

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 Better Than anything at its price range  

 i am using this mobile sine 1 month..still now no problem..
1. smart wifi
2.better battery
3.i played Aspalt 8 at high graphics..no noticeble lag
4. better display..not that much dim..better viewing angle 
5. no software and hardware issue till now
6. fingerprint awesome
after marshmallow update battery performance will improve.. 


5 stars

 vishvadeepsinh...

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesomeeee Phone  

 The phone is just awesome to use.
The battery is superb also the fingerprint locker is much similar to samsung phones.
The rocket charge feature is superb.
Also it has backlight on the buttons. 
A very good phone in the budget.  




#############################PAGE-17#####################################
5 stars

 Mandar Oke

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb Phone  

 Really awesome features. Battery last much longer and its the best I have till now considering the battery lasting capacity. Fingerprint sensor is good too. Price is affordable and the best deal for me it turned out. Camera quality is very nice. All the features which company claims are good. Very happy with the product. 


5 stars

 Min Thapa

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 best in class  

 best in class phone 
its battery lasts for min 2days 
and 1 complete day if u use it heavily like under wifi downloading stuff and all
also the display is great to view though not good in bright sunlight
all apps work fine no matter what the size of games such as {shadow fight 2, asphalt 8,dungeon hunters,facebook,etc}
camera average while taking in bright sunlight .....at night led flash helps alot.......
better than oneplus2 in this price range......
.
.
.
.
.
.
best for this price range ...and thanks flipkart and lenovo for this product 


5 stars

 Shival Chadda

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Product  

 Awesome Mobile.Good Battery Backup.Value For Money.I am in Love With my Lenovo Vine P1..I am Heavy User Battery Last 2 days with normal usage. 


4 stars

 Hardeep Singh

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 Amazing phone with amazing Specs.  

 Amazing piece of technology, outstanding features, bit on a heavy side, but no issues. 
Amazing Finger sensor experience, Niece screen, could have been better like Amoled. 
Amazing performance, all thanks to Octa core snapdragon processor, Excellent features like NFC, OTG. 


5 stars
Natarajan

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 Best Phone for the price!!  

 As other reviews we have good battery backup and fast charging option! Definitely battery lasts for two days of almost heavy use! Phone heats up only when we charge it, on normal phone use or gaming I don't find any heating issue! Super fast, no lagging! Strongly recommend this phone! 


5 stars
sujit

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 amazing phone under a good price tag  

 very good phone from Lenovo.delivery of flipkart is outstanding as promised at the time of booking.loos good perform good.camera quality is very good 


5 stars

 Shashank Hampalle

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone ever  

 The Vibe P1 is among the best phone you can buy right now if you are planning for one. It has all the high end specs and surprisingly at a reasonable cost. Everything works great.
Few exceptional features are the fingerprint unlock, Full metal body, rocket battery which is the best of all and smooth performance, no lag, no heating.
Just go for it guys. Simply awesome!!! 


5 stars

 Chendil Raj

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 Best mobile in world but little heating  

 Supper Mobile, camera, battery, speed super. but little heat,notification led only one color not change color 


5 stars

 kapil pandey

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 mast mobile  

 it is really a wonderful phone. After looking so many reviews i decided to but it and it was a very good decision. First Battery life which was the biggest concern for me: It was awesome if put on power saving mode it works for 3 days otherwise 2 days are normal with 2 to 3 hours talk time. Camera is good both back and front to capture the moments. Ram is good as 2 GB and 32 rom is good enough to save files. 


4 stars

 Isanth

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 Ok Ok  

 Everything is good except heating issue, which can be tackled by doing 518 & 36 MB update. 
But still it gets heated while charging in switch off mode. 




#############################PAGE-18#####################################
5 stars

 Sandeep Gulati

 28 Nov 2015 
 
 Very Good Phone  

 It is a great phone with greatest battery. Sound is 2 gud & camera quality is awesome. It can b compared with any high end phone camera easily like Sony Z series. No over heating issues & Lenovo's only phone with less SAR value that is a great thing for health. No problem at all. Bit heavy but that is acceptable. 


5 stars

 YOGESH SANGHVI

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 superb phone  

 superb phone. if you have budget of 15k then you should buy this phone. fingerprint option is excellent phone looking very nice. 


5 stars

 Ashish

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Fantastic Smartphone for 16K  

 Posting my review after 20 days of usage. I was searching for a good phone under 20K from past 1 month and finally purchased lenovo vibe p1. First of all thanks to flipkart for fast delivery. Packing of the product was very well. Its design and look is awesome.
Finger print sensor is working well and is very fast. Battery back up is extremely good (no other phone can give you this much backup). It's lasting for 2 days on 3G net. Power saving switch is the best part as you can use it when your battery is less than 15 %. No hang problem observed so far, although I am not used to play much games. I have seen in many reviews that camera quality is not good. But it is not true friends. I think most people really dont't know how to use the camera. It' s camera quality is too good, focusing very fast (Don't compare its camera quality with i phone 6). Touch is very fast and smooth. Speakers are excellent and no heating issue. Overall, this is the best smartphone under 20 K. Thanks to lenovo and flipkart. Go for it..it is the best..!! 


4 stars

 Biswadip Banerjee

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Dont't believe in rumors,review after one month of using.  

 Before going for it,I had done a lot of research. Was really confused whether I should go for moto x play,or one plus x or samsung galaxy J7. But I decided to buy it,and honestly speaking,after using it for one month,I certainly took right decision.
let me discuss about the cons first,
1. Its heavier than any other mobile in this range,(though that is because of its huge battery.)
2. Cases and covers are still not available in wide ranges.
3. No headphone has been given with it.
4. The finger print sensor is not so sensitive,many times it does not read the touch of finger.
That's all about disadvantages,lets talk about its plus points.
1. Superb battery life,a moderate user can hold almost 3 days,(NA for game-addicts)
2. Speaker quality,display,touch sensitivity etc are awesome.
3. Camera: The 13 MP camera works very fine if adequate light is available,only it creates problem if light is not available properly. Picture are getting a bit hazy while zooming. Well,am talking about a phone,not a DLSR camera. So for phone,its more than enough. Front camera is nice too.. I did not find any issue with the camera.,
4. RAM management is also good,after installing many hungry applications,almost 900 MB ram is available in it.
5. Myth is that this phone hangs. I would say the myth sucks.
In a nutshell,you will not get anything better than this in 16K. 


4 stars

 Jayaganesh Kumar

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Battery Powerhouse  

 Hi Friends, I am reviewing this product after 20 days of using this phone. 
Pros: 
1. Batter backup
2. Fingerprint 
3. Secure Zone Provided by Vibe UI 
Cons:
1. Display brightness it too low
2. Rear Camera is Average 


4 stars

 Praveen

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Vibe P1  

 Delivery superb as usual by Flipkart! 
The Vibe P1 is a cool looking mobile. The camera quality is also good & the space of around 22GB is available for the user & sufficient 
Best feature the battery is awesome last for upto 2 days with minimum usage & Finger sensor works without any hiccups 
Great phone at this price point!! 


5 stars

 Subhra Banerjee

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Feedback after one week of use  

 Looks - Too good 
Size - Big, and also a bit heavy. So if you have a history of dropping phones :-), handle it carefully. 
Sound - Good 
Camera - Very good for a phone camera, so please don't expect it to work like DSLR. 
Quick Charging. Little bit of heating up might be there while charging. So please try avoid using the phone while it is charging. 
Speed - Good. Didn't face any slowness or hanging till now. 
Will update the review after 1 month of usage. 


5 stars
Aditya Agrawal

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Beautiful Mobile  

 I purchased this mobile for my wife, was worried about looks and weight... but it looks very good and fits into the hand perfectly.
the weight help is holding the device with stability..
the interface is very good.. 
Phone does not lag anywhere.. 
and camera is ok.. htc 13mp lot better.
but cant complain in this price range.. 
the most loved aspect is the battery and fast charger..
a charge of just 30 min will have the mobile work for whole day... 
i will give 9 out of 10...
a buy buy in this range 


5 stars

 Vikas Sharma

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone  

 Phone with excellent battery life and fingerprint scanner. Battery gets charged in 90 mins from 0 to 100%. Camera quality is also good. SAR value is pretty low. UI is very responsive. Overall an excellent phone in 16000. 


4 stars

 Shreyas Shukla

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Excellent phone . Using for more than a week  
Battery too good . I tested with games and music and it lasted for almost 48 hours without charging.
Camera : Both Front and back camera are very good. i tried and tested in dark light as well as normal light . Picture quality is good.
Performance : It did not lag till now.
Cons
1. Delivery took time almost 8 days.
2. No headphones .
3. Speakers are at the bottom which sometimes affect the quality of sound 




#############################PAGE-19#####################################
5 stars
Prasad

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone  

 I purchased Lenovo Vibe P1 on 12-11-15. After using the device for continuous 11 days, I can tell this is an excellent device. I am getting battery backup of 3 days (36 Hrs) with nominal use of data and if the data is active for full time, then also I am getting 2 days battery backup. Camera, Sound, Processor all are excellent. Multi tasking is excellent in this phone. Only cons is little bit heating issues while charging and playing big games. Fingerprint is working smoothly. All total an EXCELLENT PHONE for this price. 
Pros: Camera, Processor, LED notification, Fingerprint sensor, 32 GB Storage, Card Slot 128 GB 2GB RAM, 4G LTE Support, 5000 MAH Battery, Android 5.1.1 
Cons: Little bit heating issues, Non-removable battery. 


5 stars

 BALAMURUGAN

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 GUD ONE EXCEPT ACCESORY ISSSUE  

 THE FEATURES OF THE PHONE ARE MIND BLOWING, IN FACT IT WAS THE MOBILE I EXPECTED, BUT A HEAD SET WOULD HAVE ADDED AS ACCESORY AND I COULDNT GET TEMPERED GLASS WHICH FITS EXACTLY FOR IT TILL NOW. OTHERWISE THE PRODUCT WAS MIND BLOWING..........I SUGGEST 4.5 STARS FOR THIS PHONE..... 


5 stars

 Dinesh

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Value for Money. Lenovo Rocks!  

 Posting this review after 10 days of Usage. 
Pros: 
1. Build quality is good and feels premium 
2. Sensitive Fingerprint sensor provides enhanced security and helped me with easy unlocking while on drive
3. 5000 mAh was enough to use the phone for almost 2 days. Can be used as a powerbank to charge other phones.
4. OneKey PowerSaver - activates a low-power mode that doubles the battery endurance. It provides room for six applications in power save mode
5. NFC protocol supported
6. Great battery life with Rocket fast charging feature: 15-100% charged in 1hr 10mins. (enable Power save mode for fast charging)
7. Supports USB OTG: Option to plug thumb-drives and connect other phones
8. It uses Lenovo’s latest version of Vibe UI which offers a lot of customisable features and is smooth and it is not messed up like many of the custom UIs.
9. AGPS is promising
10. Preinstalled boatware apps can be uninstalled
11. No lag and not much heating issue
12. Price: Cheap for it’s build quality and features 
Cons: 
1. The front camera is not impressive in low-light but performed great in better lighting conditions
2. Little Bulky
3. No app drawer
4. 2GB RAM is a little on the lower side 
5. No DLNA, MHL TV-Out and Barometer. 
Rating it on higher considering the cons as minor.  


5 stars

 Abhishek Sinha

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1 vs Oneplus X  

 This is my assessment after using P1 and X for 2-3 days:
P1 Pros:
1. Good looks and build quality
2. Battery life
3. Fast charging
4. Accessories present - Screen-guard, back case, micro-usb converter
5. Android 5.1.1, vibeui 2.0
6. Bloatware can be removed easily
7. Fingerprint sensor is very good
8. Good processor- no heating effect
9. Boom sound like HTC
10. Reasonable price - Best deal out there
11. Well balanced phone in terms of internal hardware
12. Display is bright and beautiful 
P1 Cons:
1. Heavy due to battery
2. No earphones inside the box
3. UI is bland/banal
4. Camera-> washed out images in dim light
5. Stuttering noticed while heavy multitasking (6-7 apps) from day 1 
Where Oneplus X wins : 
1. Looks- iphone 6 copy
2. 801 > 615 (on paper)-> gaming is smoother for former
3. Oxygen OS is much better 
Verdict:
P1 is a good phone for commuters who indulge in gaming and minor multi-tasking.
X is a more balanced phone in terms or software and hardware.
I am using both so final decision is yours... 


5 stars

 Dinson Davis

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 ALL IN ONE SMARTPHONE  

 I ordered this phone on 14 Nov and it got delivered on 17 itself through standard delivery. Packaging was excellent too. 
Coming to the product I bought it with a mixed feeling of whether it was going to disappoint me due the prior lenovo phones that my friends have used.Going through the reviews and a lot of homework I bought this smartphone. 
Specs and performance wise everyone has given a detailed review. 
My phone has given me a good battery life of 23 hrs with mixed usage.I'm detailing it in detail. 
1.Bluetooth headphones connected all the time ( SoundPEATS QY7). 
2. Three hrs of video on mx player in HD quality with 1080p . 
3. Six hrs of mixed usage on YouTube on WiFi. 
4 .Continuous usage of music in high volume along with 2 hrs call on WhatsApp. 
5.Transferred some files from my hard drive through otg . 
6.Travelling through low network areas for about 2 hrs. 
7.Played asphalt 8 for about 30 mins. 
8.The phone was kept on full brightness through this period.  
Coming to the performance I was disappointed at first for low amount of ram availability, but the device was performing without lags even with some 20+ apps running in the background and was still having about 500 mb RAM.  
Audio quality was awesome even through the the Bluetooth headphones that I mentioned before. The SoundPEATS was giving awesome sound and good battery backup.The phone was showing the battery percentage of the headphones just below the Bluetooth symbol as dots. 
Never had to touch the power button after switching on the phone for the first time. Unlocked using fingerprint which was like quick and responsive. Locked the phone by just flipping it upside down. 
 Camera is OK but the Camera MX app gave a good enhancement. Selfie clicks were nice in good daylight but in low light it gave pics with lot of noise. For low light selfie I bought a selfie flash and storage was extended with a Strontium 566x 85 mb/s 64 gb. Quality of video was at par with other smartphones having HD recording. 
Heating up issue was only found during charging but was not uncomfortable. 
The OTG adapter and charging pin is kind of tight but does not cause any issues. 
Totalling up the LENOVO VIBE P1 is a awesome package for the price.You'll never regret buying it. 
NOTE. Kindly do the all the updates before you start using the phone.It stabilizes the phone from lot of glitches. 


4 stars

 shankar Reddy

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 ok but some negitives  

 there are no inbuilt keypad it"s difficult to type numbers and letters and songs not controlling via earphones 


5 stars

 Tamilselvan R

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 Really.. really.. I like it  

 Since every one have said about the mobile hardware and design, i am sharing the OS features
features:
1. double tap wake
2.Micro screen (make screen smaller for one hand use)
3.smart scene (more or less like app tasker..)
4.wide touch (floating button - to lock screen and to have few app shortcuts)
5. data management (restrict apps from using data.. )
6. App permissions (a feature introduced in marshmallow is available in this lollipop vibe UI)
7. display color balance (comfort mode, super bright mode and custom to adjust the color balance as per your need)
8. background app management (restrict any app from auto-starting which saves battery)
9. security zone management (to hide apps with password)
10. flip to sleep (screen will turn off when the device is flip down) 


5 stars

 Prajeesh Kumar

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Owner's pride.  

 This is the first android phone that I am feeling proud about. From the fingerprint senser to the power save mode, everything is useful. The battery goes from 100% to 30% in around 3 days for me (I keep it in power save mode from 12AM to 7AM), and saves the frustration of charging every day that I had to do earlier. And while charging, it gets completely charged in around 1 hr. 
I use the fingerprint for unlocking the screen and it is a fancy, loves the look on other's face when I do that :D. Didn't try the NFC yet. 
The display is very good and big. 
For me, the phone doesn't heat up as few others mentioned. 
I really love this phone. 


5 stars

 Krishan Kumar...

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 What an amaaaazinggg phone!  

 I have used a lot of Android phone ranging from Rs 19000 - 33000, but I must say this has been my best phone so far, because it has got everything I need (almost).
I had done an intense research before buying this phone and had considered One plus 2 as the top contender (I had a budget of Rs 25000), but then I came across this phone's ad in Flipkart. The specs looked super duper on paper but I was skeptical if it will stand upto it. But I must say it has not disappointed me at all.
The best feature being it's battery.. whooping 4900mAh.. and that too with rocket charging feature which charges it in 1hr 15 mins from 10% to 100%.
Plus it has the fingerprint sensor.. seriously.. which works like butter.
Plus it has got latest Android Lollipop and will get Marshmallow too.
The only thing which I am not 100%v satisfied with is the camera. It takes grainy pics, but I am OK with that as I have my DSLR to take the awesome pics.
It's a must buy if you are looking for a paisa wasool phone and have budget constraint.
It's way better than one plus in all departments except the camera. 


4 stars

 Ishan Nayak

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 I would say it's a Best Phone if it doesn't lag  

 As reviewed by other, this phone has all the best quality i.e Good Camera, Good Battery back up, very useful small features, awesome finger print scanner, loud and clear call quality, OTG facility. 
But things I don't like is the - Lags some times (once in a day) and touch becomes unresponsive, bulky size and should have 3 GB RAM at least. 




#############################PAGE-20#####################################
5 stars
Shubham Nerkar

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 beast to have  

 got this beast only at 13100. 
after updating the system software of 230mb+30mb 
Pros:
1.too awesome battery lasts me for 4 days(normal usage)
2.super fast charging(heating only at 1st charge)
3. display is clear,bright.
4. finger print works like charm.
5. loud n clear sound
6. looks premium
7.both sim are LTE(no need to switch sims)
8.rear camera is ISOcell not bsi ,hence gud quality pics
9. front camera is average
10. No lags as SamShits(few lags only when u power on the phone)
11.can remove inbuilt apps
12. App drawer is also provided.
13. comes with back cover and screen protector.
14. gud dual sim tray + sd card slot
15. can be used as a power bank also. 
16.although snapdragon 615 is known for heating, bt frankly speaking this phone dont heat.kudos for lenovo.gud job. 
cons:
1. creepy sound coming from power,volume buttons.
2. heavy,but proving such huge battery so we cant say its a con.
3. no headphones. 
4. non removable battery. 
from my point of this is best phone to have....happy to own it.  


5 stars

 Atul kumar

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 ek number !!!.Excellent!! Awesome phone  

 Very clear sounding voice. Noise cancellation works great the other way.
Super sharp, pixel-packed, with adjustable auto brightness
Decent battery backup. Fast charging.(really rocket charging, 40 mints take to reach 100% from 37%)
Camera is ok ok(not superb)
No lagging at all.
No heating problem.
Finger print reader working well.( 2 finger print u can register and modify them at any time)
Screen clarity is excellent.
loudspeaker superb!
Good deal. Value for money.  


5 stars
Bhoomi

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Best in this Price  

 Hi, 
I am using this phone for past 2 days, i charged it on sunday morning it got fully charged in 1 hour 20 min. still having about 30% battery on Tuesday morning. So Battery is a big plus in todays era.
Also browse through few unique features as micro scene which lets u to operate the phone screen with single handed. Another feature is secure zone it is basically for privacy. 
Overall the phone is really good. 
One can buy this product. 
Regards,
Vivek R. Pipalia 


5 stars
kamlesh sharma, B...

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 amazing android mobile form lenovo & flipkart  

 Really this smartphone is very good. battery is long lasting. not to much heavy for handling. one hand screen is superb. will update my review after 5 days, 
after five days of use. 
battery-lasts up to 2 days minimum on moderate to heavy use and on average use it can last mare than 2 days .
first 50% of the battery will charge in 30 mins or less.which according to me is great advantage .overall phone charges in one hour or slightly more.
camera gives natural colors without over saturation of colors.camera is fast ,synchrony between camera and flash is superb.
no heat issues at all .
thanks for flipkart for a fast delivery from bangalore to alwar in 2 days and i get it very safely
I recommend this phone to all friends  


5 stars

 maxwell baptist

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1 IS TOTAL VALUE FOR MONEY  

 This is a top ranking budget midrange phone currently available in the market. I have exchanged my 2.5 months Lenovo k3 note to grab this awesome phone. Other than the rear camera which is not very good but good all the other parameters of the phone are very good to excellent. The battery back up is outstanding. The rear camera can be made very good by downloading a camera app viz., CAMERA MX APP from Google Playstore which I have downloaded. Maybe by experimenting with other camera apps, one can make the quality of photos and video more better. If you want a good budget midrange phone then go for it. You won't regret. 


4 stars

 Emcy Mathew

 14 Nov 2015 
 
 Good phone with less Cost more features..  

 Its been almost a 2 weeks after purchase of this phone.. Still now I'm satisfied with the performance of the phone. Still much R&D and load testing is pending :) 
Pros:- 
> Phone looks gud.
> Performance is good with its 1.5 Octa core processor.
> Battery backup is unimaginable..
> Gud feature of adding a button for battery saver...
> NFC is working perfectly
> Phone locking with fingerprint is awesome
> Charging is so fast even 4900 mAH battert will become 100% in 1 to 1.5 hours..
> OTG connector, Phone cover n screen guard is given with the box 
Cons:- 
> Phone is not supplied with ear phone/head set in its box.
> Need to test finger print scanner again, 2 times phone is unlocked by my friend with his finger print [Note: His finger print is not added any time to finger print recording]
> phone is heavy, i hope due to 4900mAH battery..
> Observed heating problem, only if u used just after charging...other wise its working perfectly.   


5 stars

 Ajith Paul

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Product !! at a reasonable Price!  

 Got my vibe P1 on Monday ..and So far the experience has been awesome!! :) .  
Pros: 
Design is Sooper cool. 
I love Metal body than plastic ones. And most of the metal body phones I liked are way outside my budget. With Vibe, I got the same metal unibody design within my budget. 
Battery is just out of this world.
Last time I charged the phone was on Tuesday night and now it's Friday afternoon and I still have 35% battery remaining. And all these while I was browsing using 4G net, have taken several pics..used wifi Hotspot feature for hours..and made usual number of calls !! 
Finger Print reader is a luxury:
Provides one touch access to the phone for you, where as asks password for others. Nice one to WOW your friends and relatives. 
Supports Airtel 4G and it's pretty fast. 
There are other features like Roket Charger, NFC etc ..I am yet to reap benefits of those. 
Con's:
No ear phones in the package;  


5 stars

 Nilesh

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 A trustworthy Mobile  

 I'm writing this review after using this mobile for 10 days. Battery backup is simply amazing u can continuously watch movies for 10-12 hours. Look n design is overall good. Rear Camera is not that much impressive. Fingerprint detection is quite good feature. Though this device is heavier due to larger battery size. You'll also get a transparent back cover with this mobile . 


5 stars
Manogna Pulapaka

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 Its a perfect phone for a heavy user. 
Battery easily lasts for about 24 hours even with 3G / WIFI on with continuous browsing.
Heats up during charging a little, but no heating issue after the charger is unplugged. 
Camera quality is ok, not that great.
look and feel is fantastic. 
touch sensitivity is great. 
speaker quality is good 
Call quality is excellent, Voice is very clear. 
Overall a good phone to have in this range with 2 LTE sims, 4900 mah battery, 128 GB expandable memory space, 5.5" display.  


4 stars

 Manoj

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 Super Phone :)  

 I am using this phone for past 3 days.. My first impressions about the phone are as follows,
Pros :
-The look and feel is awesome. the touch is very smooth. the sharpness is little less, but its ok
- VIBE UI - GUI is good, I am new to this and getting used to it. Plenty of customization available.
-Battery is the biggest advantage. It is charging really quick and the backup is very good. For moderate usage(calls, sms, few hours of wifi, few hours of music etc...) battery is lasting for 2 days.
- Fingerprint scanner - works good.
- No heating issues - no noticeable heating issue while using the phone. But when charging the place near the ear piece is getting little heated, though manageable.
- Speed : Speed is good and there is no lag in normal working I noticed so far.  
Cons:
camera - It is a drawback - rear camera is not looking as 13MP and photo quality is not great, though it is not very bad. front camera quality also a bit low.
Weight : According to specs it is 187 g, but it is weighing like quarter kg. You need to be careful while carrying it.
Very few software issues - rarely when unlocking the mobile using fingerprint flashlight is switching on(only 3 times I got this), auto brightness feature is not working 
Overall this is a very good mobile to use, all major features are working very good, but if you are more interested in Camera then don't buy this phone.   




#############################PAGE-21#####################################
5 stars
arvind patkar

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 simply awesome  

 at first i felt like this phone was not worth 16k but the the features were comming to life.
the battery is awesome ,the ricket charger works as mentioned,charges quickly and discharge slowy(played asphalt 8 for 2 hours with high graphich,charge dropped 15%)
like other reviews camera is above average but could be better,its a very good cam at daylight.
NO HEATING ISSUES(HEATED ONLY ON 1ST CHARGING)
DESIGN-10/10
OVERALL PLZ BUY THIS PHONE DONT HESITATE BY THOSE NEGETIVE REVIEWS
YOU'LL REGRET IF YOU DONT THIS,BELIEVE 


5 stars
Musthafa Ali Sira...

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 A Masterpiece....Xcellent....Gr8 Device....  

 Ordered on 29th Oct got it delivered on 3rd nov....The unit whic i recieved was defective so gave a replacement request and recieved the replacement on 9th Nov..... Gr8 work by Flipkart.....And thanks for that....
Now about the device
Its an excellent mobile to own.... Give a rich look....First thought that 5.5inch wud be big but i was wrong its exact fit and excellent.....No lags till date ....Even the defective piece didnt lag even a bit.... I tried Asphalt 8....GTA....Air Simulator ......Hitman apps its awsome.....Didnt show any lag..... Though while playing the phone became little warm.......But thats not hot its just warm.....The only drawback which i felt is the initial updates .... Two updates came which were 215MB and 38MB ..... they should be factory loaded.....The fingerprint is a charm and works like butter soft and rocket quick.....During charging ofcourse becomes hot, but it is normal....since u r charging huge battery in 90min so it will obviously get hot......The look is damn stylish.....its like owning a 50 to 70 k phone in hand......
Overall the company has improved drastically and showed gr8 work.... The only thing required is upgrade to Android 6.0.....Just waiting for it......  


5 stars
Naveen Ralhan

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 best phone under 16000/-  

 best best and best overall superb phone. best in camera best in battery best in feature best in look best in storage best in work best in use.... 


5 stars

 mukupower

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 long phoooooooooooooooooooooooone  

 i have mentioned as long phone which describes it's
battery power
screen size
working quality
overall performance 
it gives superb work function my brother using this phone ,interface is superb and easy to work,attractive..it supports otg option which gives superb speed to transfer data from mobile to my laptop 
overall the phone performance is tooooooooooo gud 


5 stars

 Raju Bathija

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Good value for money  

 My review is based on use of this mobile, which I received on Nov 4, 2015, and hence is based on about 6 days of use and on my personal experience/observations.  
When I had seen the announcement of Lenovo Vibe P1 on IFA 2015, held on Sept, I was impressed with its specifications, and had wondered would it be available in India, and if yes, at what price. Was pleasantly surprised about its availability at Flipkart and also its price, which I think is quite reasonable.  
First of the looks : It is quite good looking and comes with transparent back case to protect the back case and also comes with a display film, which one needs to put,if needed. Please be careful in removing the back case to put the nano sim cards and the memory card - there are separate slots for these. Only the small top part of the back cover can be open to insert the sim cards and the memory card.  
Performance : it is quite good, so far no lag for me in its use. The touch is quite good and smooth. So fare have received two updates of 215 MB and 38 MB. The first one includes the option to use Android like drawer or VibeUi in its default Lenovo launcher. Of course other launchers, like Nova, Google Now also can be installed and used.  
Battery : The phone's USP is its massive 4900 mAh battery, which is non-removable. So far I am quite impressed with its performance. I get full day's use with single charge. And its comes with fast charging charger, which is quite fast compared to the normal chargers.  
Heating : So far noticed none.  
Call quality and the Data/Wifi signals : Quite good. No issues so far.  
Fingerprint scanner : Very smooth and fast. Two finger print scans can be recorded, but must be used with patter or password or pin lock for extra security.  
The camera, display, speaker (only 1 speaker, though thee are slots for 2 - one of this is microphone for use during the calls) are quite good.  
The only minus points which I had noticed is the ambient light sensor which work with Automatic Brightness does not seems to be working. Hopefully it will be fixed in the future update. And the second minus point is the mobile's weight. It is 187 grams and feels little heavy. But one get used to its weight over the days.  
In short, a good value for money. 


5 stars

 Paresh Rathod

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Superb Phone exelent battery backup  

 Pros:
Superb battery life
Rocket chargin 100% in one hour
solid display
good processor
Quick response of finger print sensor
nice internal mamory
solid build quality (Metal Body)
this phone is beaset buy buy samsug,sony,Htc,etc....
Quick delivery by flipkart   


5 stars

 rakesh

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 nice phone  

 writing reviews after 5 days of use. 
battery -- awesome
fingerprint--awesome
memory-- 32 GB
camera- above average(could have been better)
display-- awesome 
and above all you cane recharge other phone with this phone battery. 


5 stars

 Abdu Samad

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Five Days with Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Firstly Thanks to Flipkart's express delivery service, I'm Ordered on 31st Oct, Arrived on 2nd Nov. 
Phone's build quality is excellent. Charging completes within 1 Hour and 15 minuts. Battery backup is good. 32GB storage is good enough. More than 1GB RAM is always available. Excellent fingerprint sensor. Screen resolution is good. Performance is good. No lag.  
Call quality is good. No signal drop noticed. No issues with Wifi reception.  
Rear camera is good but not exceptional. Takes a bit of time to switch from camera to preview and back. Selfie quality is acceptable.  
Comes with a transparent protective shell for the rear part. Screen guard included in package. No headset. 
My Score: 
Battery Backup 10/10
Charging Time 11/10
Performance 9/10
Display 10/10
Speaker 10/10
Build Quality 10/10
Camera Rear 9/10
Fingerprint Reader Response 10/10 
My moderate usage in this phone getting 3 days backup. 
I'm using with Next Launcher 3D
I'm using 3-4 hour Internet, 60-90minute voice call, 2-3 Hour Music Playing, 1 hour Video Playing.  
Overall a clean job from Lenovo. I'm very Satisfied on this phone. 


4 stars
Vijay Singh

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Go for lenovo  

 hi guys phone is very good and it has nice features just the thing is first you need to update the phone to avoid over heating the device...... 


5 stars

 Ran Vijay yadav

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Worth To Buy  

 PROS-Excellent battery backup. Played heavy games, no lag. Satisfactory Camera quality.Faster Internet Surfing.
Cons-Little bit heavy but it's ok. 
It's my having 5 days usage of this mobile. 




#############################PAGE-22#####################################
5 stars

 karthikraj

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 awesome phone...  

 the phone is just awesome.. owning it for a week now..love it
pros: look and design, touch feels good, battery backup amazing, charging it only alternate days..
cons: a bit heavy phone compared to other sleek ones. 
verdict: just go for it. you will love it 


5 stars

 Balachandran

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Best phone at this budget  

 Using this phone for the past one week. 
Camera quality very good. Auto focusing good. Camera quality for front camera also good.
I am not heavy user. So battery life available for two days. 
Ui really good. Finger print working very well without any issues. 
Free APPS True caller, Navigate66, Camscanner, WPS office really worth apps for common use. 
Best phone in the market for this price range.   


5 stars

 Arunkumar

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Beast Phone! Please read this well before you buy!  

 1. DELIVERY: 
Thanks to flipkart for faster service (Mobile is delivered in 30 hours from purchase time). 
Rating: 10/10 
2. HEATING ISSUE: 
 (a) I have opened the box and used mobile around 10 - 20 min. Mobile gets too much heated. 
(b) I have put charge for mobile. While charging it's also get heated much. 
This initially give me a very bad impression. After that i checked all reviewers comments. Most of the peoples said, please update software before use. 
So i don't think update will solve heating issue. But i tried to update my device. Update size around 250MB.  
After update, finally restarted my phone without hope. But it's SURPRISED me. ALL HEATING ISSUE IS GONE AWAY.(After heavy use and charging. 
So there is no heating issue after update device. SO PLEASE DO UPDATE. 
Rating: 9/10 
3. BUILD QUALITY: 
Solid build quality and very nice. 
Rating: 9/10 
4. PERFORMANCE: 
There is no lag found in this device. 
Rating: 9/10 
5. FINGER PRINT: 
FP sensor is too good and accurate. 
Con: Finger print app lock is not available.
Rating: 9/10 
Only two finger prints in allowed in this device. 
6. CAMERA: 
Decent and Good camera. 
Rating: 
Front: 8/10
Back: 8.5/10 
7. SOUND AND DISPLY: 
Very very crispy and loud speaker.  
Very good FULL HD display with 401 PI. 
Rating: 9.5/10  
8. BATTERY AND CHARGE: 
Wowwww....! Awesome battery and standby time. Battery reduced from 100% to 10% after 2 days of moderate usage(including playing games, taking photos, watching videos, hearing songs and calls). 
Quick charge is very good. Full battery charged in 1 hour and 30 min. 
Ultra power saving button helps much from battery draining. 
Rating: 10/10  
Over all very good device from Lenovo. Buy this mobile without any hesitation. 


5 stars
manju nath

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 A great smartphone  

 After lot of research, I brought this phone on the first day itself. Great phone to own. Battery back is superb. 32-gb in built memory. Battery easily comes for two days even after hectic usage. Camera clarity is superb. Android M up-gradable in the the Year 2016. 


4 stars

 Soumitro Biswas

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Review after 3 weeks  

 After using 3 weeks reviews are display is really awesome, touch is really good must buy this phone as it has the killer specs fingerprint scanner is quite good enough. 
Pros:
awesome responsive touch 5/5
No lags 5/5
camera is pretty decent 3.5/5
built is really good 5/5
battery is awesome i love the battery backup 5/5 
rocket charger charges the phone really fast. 5/5
Cons:
little bit bulky.
fingerprint scanner should be used to lock apps also not getting any cognizable app in play store also.
don't use any other charger it charges very slow   


4 stars

 Chintan desai

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Thumbs Up.....  

 Very good product by Lenovo.Battery backup outstanding,looks premium,fast charging works well,finger scan works fine, good buy within this price range. 


5 stars

 HIDAYAT KHAN

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Regarding Lenovo Vibe p1  

 Overall good. 
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear. 
Good deal. Value for money. 


5 stars

 Pranav Shah

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Perfact Phone  

 Happy to use awesome phone.
Nice Battery Back up
Premium Look
Fingerprint sensor works fast
Everything good 


5 stars
PANKAJ KUMAR

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 satisfaction  

 I buy a lenovo vibe p1, i satisfy, good looking, handaling, cemara is good,(rear), according to budget is concern no any complains..over all well & hopefully i supports like this.
some heating during charging. 


5 stars

 kumaravel

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Superb phone !!!!!!  

 I purchase this mobile lastweek. This is my first lenovo phone. 
Pros :
This phone has very good battery backup. After 100% charge, It lasted for 2.5 days for normal usage including WiFi and Dual sim enabled.
Performance is Good.
Finger print sensor is working fine 
Cons : 
Bit heavy in weight because of the heavy battery. 




#############################PAGE-23#####################################
5 stars

 Lokesh

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Best Phone  

 Flipkart delayed the delivery . 
Best Phone for the price. 
Good battery backup 
Quick charging
Finger print sensor works perfectly
Both the slots are LTE  


5 stars

 SHIVANAND KADAKOL

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Gr8 Mobile  

 salute to Lenovo , Giving all the feature @ 15999, like figure lock, battery 5000mha, 32gb 


5 stars

 PRABU DANIEL

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Buy this beast  

 I bought this phone after using Iphone, Samsung, HTC, MI and Acer. To be frank this is an amazing phone. If you start using this you will never go for other brands. 


5 stars

 Ghost

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Great Set, For Great Price  

 I bought the set after a few days after the launch, I am actually impressed by Flipkart this time although they screwed up my order last time :|
Anyways the Phone is actually awesome once you take the price factor into account.
Here are some pros and cons-
Pros-
1. Screen is bright and crystal clear
2. Camera is pretty good, not awesome but enough for someone who doesn't click a lot of em
3.Finger Print sensor is pretty good, response time can vary though, from 0.5s to 0.9. But it is awesome.
4. Ram is ample for gaming. 
5. Battery is freaking awesome! Last charge around 12:00 AM of 4th Nov it is 2:45 AM right now of 5th, battery 43%.
6. 32 GB is ample space.
7. Sound Quality is pretty good
8. Extremely Quick charge-time! 
Cons-
1. Heavy weight champion :|
2. Hangs sometimes, but recovery is pretty quick.
3. Heats up sometimes
4. No headsets provided. 
Comparing all, this phone is a pretty good buy and is best in its class. I would definitely recommend it. Oh and looks are awesome. 


5 stars

 Mateen Shaikh

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 LENOVO comes back with a BANG!!!  

 Phone is definitely worth its price. As I was looking for a DUAL SIM +LTE with a separate memory card Slot and a fingerprint scanner with an awesome charge backup and a 5.5 screen inches screen. 
I did search for some other phones with the same specs but most of them had a Hybrid Card slot ,so it was either which ways sim or memory card. 
So I opted for the later one and as compared to One Plus 2 where in its only available on Invites. Why need to wait?
What else do you need ?? Everything is here in the all new LENOVO VIBe P1. 


5 stars

 Sandy

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1 after using HTC Desire 820  

 Please be confirm that sim card and memory card slots are not shared and they are separate feeling happy for that. look and feel awesome worth every penny. Overall very happy compared to desire 820. 
Cons- Heating issue is definitely there. Within 5 minutes of usage phone gets very hot. 


5 stars

 vetsa vivek

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome mobile!!  

 What not! Everything specified is upto the mark.
I was 200% satisfied.
Good battery backup, solid design, no network issues, awesome sensors.
bit of weight, but who cares.
Good Job Lenovo. 


5 stars

 Debojyoti Kundu

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Solid product from lenovo  

 Vibe p1 is a handsome looking phone with good build quality and smooth performance. The phone though bit heavy feels good in the hand. I have been using it last few days and here are some observations :- 
1. The phone gets warm during charging and after a long game play session however its quite normal and the heat is not alarming. No overheating scenarios so far. 
2. Battery backup is good and it increases gradually with the charge cycle. After the 1st charge it lasted only for a daya s I was fiddling with the phone, installing apps, checking performance etc. But from the next cycle it is giving around 36-40 hours of mixed usage. 
3. The charger provided in the package really charges it quickly. From 10% to 100% in almost one and half hour considering it has a 5000 mah battery. 
4. Fingerprint scanner works well and is fast. However it can register only two fingers and its functionality is limited to unlocking the phone only. 
5. Selfie camera is good but the rear camera needs improvement. It takes good picture in daylight or properly lit conditions however low light performance is not good. Overall its above average camera but I personally feel moto g 3rd gen or moto x play has a better camera. 
6. Many people are complaining over the lack of a headset in the package but I feel as per the price of the phone it is ok. Most companies provide crap headsets in the box so it is better to buy a good one of your choice. Moreover at this price lenovo is providing a fast charger and a usb otg adapter which are really useful and most other companies do not provide. 
7. Vibe ui is good with many additional useful features over stock android however the icon themes are horrible. They are too childish and cartoonish as per my taste. Its better to use another launcher with custom icon packs to give it a good appearance. 
Overall a very good product by lenovo at this price. Hope its long time reliability will not dissapoint. 


5 stars

 Jay

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Budget phone with Huge battery  

 Been using phone for 5 days and here is small pros and cons 
Pros:
-Huge battery lasts around 1.5 days
-Quick charge - change phone from 20% to 90% within one hour(on power saver mode)
-Fingerprint scanner works well
-Multitasking at its best 
-Comes with micro USB adopter to charge other phone  
Cons:
-Weighs more
-Camera not up to the mark 
So if your tired of taking your charger or power adopter everyday to your office or elsewhere then this phone might bury those issues.  


5 stars

 Dipak Kumar VP

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Super phone (MORE so for the price)  

 Very good phone with lot of features. Killer is the 5000 mAh battery, and NO overheating at all. 
Some of the pioneering features like dedicated power toggle and OTG are to be followed more and more in future. 
Not only does it have a wonderful specs sheet, the device lives up to it every bit. 




#############################PAGE-24#####################################
5 stars

 subham gupta

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Great Phone  

 I really liked the phone a lot .. Here i mention all the pros and cons : 
 +pros 
1) awesome fingure print lock , it can give you 2 fingure optons .
2) loud speaker is too loud ,than my expextations 
3) sound in headset is really good but not as lenovo k3 note (no dolby sound)
4) camera is good as much every one expect
5) nfs works very fast
6) ui is very smooth , got a 215 mb update 
7) takes around 1 hr 10 min to full charge from 20%
8) used 24 hrs after full charge ,when wifi and 4g is on and still 35 % battery left
9) battery saver does great work , it can double your standby and usage 
10) always get 1.1 gb free ram mostly
11) played almost all games in high graphics - asphalt 8 , nova 3 , bia 3 , mc5 and san andreas , no lags at all , device gets heated up to maximum 40 . 
i didnt find any cons 


5 stars

 hari krishna

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 awsome  

 on time delivery in flipkart so iam so happy and mobile is super mind blowying and display clarity supr but one disspoint is no supply the headphones but ultimate supr 


5 stars
Senthilkumar

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Good one to buy  

 I am using this phone for last 24 hrs......
So far so good.... 
Pros
 Battery life 
 Screen clarity
 Performance 
 No heating -- Max temperature during game 40 degree C (After latest system update) but with older version it touched 60 degree C 
Cons
 Camera
 Bulk in size 
Overall its good to go   


5 stars

 Arun C

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Very cool product!!!  

 Update after a month use:
1. Major problem is with contacts. Takes almost 30 secs to display the contact after the search. Horrible it is.
2. Mobile gets stuck if you try to open already opened app from quick launch button. 
Initially I felt only my mobile has contact problem but after googling I got to know almost everyone who are using this phone has same problem.  
Think before buying this product. 
I do not read story kind of a review and this review is for people like me(Point to point), 
Good things about the product:
1. Battery back up, more than 25hrs with continuous usage. 4G was on, full on whatsapp, FB.
2. Charging time took 1.5 hrs to charge 100%.
3. Very minimal heating.
4. No lags, touch works like butter.
5. Fingerprint scanner is beauty.
6. Hardware like, RAM, Internal Memory, processor and other stuffs just awesome for 15999/-
7. Comes with decent cover and screen guard. 
Bad things about the phone,
1. If you are expecting lighter one, this phone is not for you. Phone is bit heavy.
2. Notification light not sharp. Sometimes cant even notice whether its glowing or not.
3. Camera quality is good not awesome.  
Cheers,
Arun C 


4 stars

 nasrulla shariff

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Worth for the money paid  

 As usual flipkart is known for quick delivery,its one nice thing. First impression on the looks of the device"AWESOME" "AMAZING". Was even more surpised when i saw the back cover also included in the box with a screenguard. It has a OTG drive as well. 
I have been using the phone,no heating issues,phone is moderately heavy, camera is good, Front camera is even more good. 
Music quality with good ear phones is MIND BLOWING. 
I give it a 4.5 rating , coz the only con i felt is the Nano SIM and the non removable battery in case if it matters. 


5 stars

 Vikram Kamath

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Best Android so Far !!  

 I have one the first's to buy this by the midnight of 27th Oct. Looking forward from 2 months.The design is mix of HTC (Back) Samsung (front) and Iphone (bottom..Speaker grill). 
2Gb Ram and 32 Gb internal is more than enough for business user.5000 mAh battery goes more than a day on 3G heavy usage. 
Pack comes with scratch guard and back transparent cover and left you nothing to wait for to buy from out side... 
3 Days now and no real complaints... at 16K with a finger print sensor...What else one wants...Great Phone...and SAR value also @ .65 per head adds value...one of the lowest post Note 2... 


2 stars
Jayesh Panchal

 11 Jan 2016 
 
 battery problam  

 Dear lenovo/flipcart team, 
we have buy lenovo vibe p1 mobile and 1 month he working good no complain, but now i have facing many problem in this device , atomically battery down , and many time mobile was hang , and also Gujarati word is not support in this device  
so kindly please replay and please do the need full, 
and kindly resolve this problem as soon as possible and than i will return the product 


3 stars

 Praveen Sagar

 08 Jan 2016 
 
 Mixed Feelings  

 Mixed Feeling about this Mobile I don't know whether it's only for me as other have given good reviews unfortunately my phone has number of issues like battery and software issues like hanging etc.. 


1 star

 Dipanjan De

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Fraud aftersales service by Lenovo  

 Initially everyhting was working fine, but after 2 weeks I noticed that the phone was taking 12-14 hours to charge fully from 15-20%.
 I went to the service center (Near Mission Cafe, Ganesh Chandra Avenue, Kolkata), they told me that the USB Cable which is shipped with the phone inside the box is faulty AND THEY DIDN'T REPLACE IT and told me it's not in warranty.
Because of this I am severely disappointed by Lenovo Aftersales services, because I had to travel 3 days in total (2 days to get a noble chance to meet the oscar winning professionals at the service center and 1 day for the delivery thought problem was not solved). The service center is quite far from my home and each time I've been disappointed. 
So technically speaking, according to Levono Service Center, LENOVO SALES PRODUCTS BUT REFUSES TO REPLACE DEFECTIVE ITEMS LESS THAN 2 WEEKS OLD), EVEN WHICH ARE NOT ACCIDENTALLY DAMAGED AND CAME IN BOX WITH THE PHONE. Well I still have a silver sticker in the box saying "Lenovo service and warranty assured", how ironical is that? 
I have few Sony smartphones and they do replace as they claim, even my Xperia Z was completely replaced when it had a camera issue after 11 months of purchase. Lenovo is such a cheap brand, can't even replace a faulty data cable shipped with the phone, imagine what they will do when there's a problem in the phone. 
My last purchase of any Lenovo Smartphones, SEVERELY DISAPPOINTED 


1 star

 Kaushal Desai

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Hardware equally poor software  

 Used it for almost 28 days. Tried hard many a times to make sure it works well. But in vain. 
Great hardware - comes with very good battery life of almost 1 1/2 days, lot of useful features. 
Poor software - I faced issue of Internet automatically stops working. Tried every thing possible from contacting service providers ( of course no issues with them as tab with same operator worked fine). The only solution was to go for Factory reset. Alas, again within a week, it stopped. Did factory reset again, contacted lenovo service helpline, service centre. But refused to establish internet connectivity. Also lot of issue with gmail too. 
End result, i had to return the product. Let me admit, Flipkart return policies are genuine and complete process was smooth and perfect, no hassles at all. Thank u flipkart for same. 
So , would advise against buying the product. 




#############################PAGE-25#####################################
1 star

 ABDUL MAZEED

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Terrible!!!  

 I trust in Lenovo brand and its R&D but unfortunately I had very bad experience with this mobile, with this i stopped suggesting others to buy lenovo products
system rebooting automatically which is terribly irritating me now ! and the battery life not up to expected levels consumption is very heavy for normal usage, overall mobile is good at camera and sound effects, its bit bigger then expected but its ok 


1 star

 PM

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Phone worked for just 24hrs!!!  

 I bought this phone post reading the reviews in Flipkart & other sites however the phone died within 1 DAY of use!!!! 
Flipkart assured to replace the faulty phone however am bit worried to use this phone again.
I chose this phone over Moto X Play. 
Hope the new handset which I will receive be free from any defect as I really enjoyed using the phone although just one day :-(   


4 stars

 Sachin Gupta

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Good all round performance  

 Hello folks. I have been using my Lenovo VIBE P1 for over a month now. This is a very powerful phone. Battery is enormous. Even after a full day use after full charge 65 to 70 % battery is still left. Speed is good, touch experience is also fine.  
Camera is reasonably good. 
Only problem I am facing is that while a call is in progress, it automatically starts recording the call, whereas i have disabled auto recording in settings. May be sosmebody for customer care guides me regarding this. 
Does'nt feel heavy- you get used to it. Looks are also good. 
I would recommend to buy this macho-machine. 


1 star
Tapas Nandy

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Dissatisfied  

 I received this item on 2nd Nov 2015. After 15 days the finger print sensor started behaving erroneously. As other functions of the phone was ok and I was having a busy schedule I could visit the Lenovo Service center only yesterday. Lenovo has outsourced their service center to HCL and is located at very few places even in metros like Hyderabad.  
To my surprise I was told that the fingerprint sensor is faulty and needs to be repaired or replaced. I am worried that the set might be faulty as problems are showing up within 15-20 days of usage. 
I contacted Flipkart but they shrugged of the issue saying that they can't help me as 30 days is over from he date of purchase. So I am left off in this helpless situation.  
My lenovo service center jobsheet no is SRIN2841512230006.  


3 stars

 narendra praja...

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 very very bad camera  

 good product. but the camera quality is worse. if you want to have good battery life and good quality screen than go for it. loudspeaker is good. call quality is good. lags a little bit (but no major probem) 


1 star

 Rakesh Kumar

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 Mobile getting off at 28 % battery level after 25 days  

 Changing my rating to 1 from 5 after 2 month of usages and 1 time mobile replacement from Flipkart now going for 2nd replacement.
Initially Mobile was getting switching off at 6% battery level and within 20 days it is getting off at 28% battery level... Same thing was happening at earlier phone also.. 
So technically this much high capacity battery is of no use if you are not able to use the same. 
Picture quality is acceptable only at day or in very bright light..
Contact management also found some issue   


5 stars
Mohammed Jawad

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 3rd Update of 32MB spoils the party.....!!!  

 Updated Review....!!!
After a month use.... 
Other thing is fine but I have encountered with a serious problem...
few days ago there was an update of 30 MB and I went after it..
After that update phone hangs frequently and the mobile is not able to sense any touch...
At the time the user is completely helpless because the battery is not removable...
After 1 hour 15 minute and may be today after 30 minutes....
The phone afterwards continue working...
This is completely awful nobody expects this kind of serious problem... 


5 stars

 Karthik A D

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 using 3g my mobile heats up.Is that a problem?  

 Mobile is super cool.
Camera is good.
Display is good.
Body of the mobile is good. 
Can any body tell me what is the average back up of battery will using 3g internet.
And while using internet my mobile heats up. Is that a problem?
 Please anybody replay me.... 


5 stars

 Amit Jain

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 It is a Power House packed with ultimate features  

 2 Days over and still counting.. Battery still have some life in it and on top of it I have been playing and installing lot of softwares and applications in last 2 days... It comes with screen guard and transparent back cover.. very nice look.. picture quality .. 
Ultimately in phone I look for battery and camera and both are quite good... apart from it many features like fingueprinting etc are helpful if you want to avoid kids from hacking into your phone.... 


5 stars

 Saurav Pathak

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 A (Awesome) Bad phone. It has spoiled me!  

 I wanted a phone which has internet, an awesome display, the latest android. While having these, I shouldn't be limiting the functionalities of the phone because smart phones aren't good with the battery. This device debunks that myth! 
The first thing that you see about a phone on display is its screen. However, after you buy it, you start using it at half the brightness. You keep toggling between 3G, No G and 4G to save life. You either end up playing less, because it eats battery or carrying a power bank. Also, you tend to clear the cache a lot and invest on a memory card while keeping a tab on the internal memory. 
But with Vibe P1, all of this is fiction. This phone has spoiled me. I no longer keep a track of the cache because the massive 32GB is enough for somebody who does a lot of binge watching and plays FIFA. 
The battery back up is enough to keep 4G on for 2 days with more than average usage, which includes at least 7 apps used everyday along with a lot ob binging on YouTube, stalking on social media and lots of 9gag downloads. 
Most of all, I like my FULL HD screen appear as the same, rather than appear as a washed out screen because one wants to save battery by compromising with the screen brightness
And in case, I run out of the battery, a quick 25 minutes charge and I am done for the next 16 hours. 
Most of all, the software. Its smooth. Period. 
I have not faced any heating issues, lag, camera freeze etc. 
Other reviews cover the cool features such as connecting a pen drive to the handset, using fingerprint sensor, decreasing screen display size, better than average camera and a fast charging. Go for it, you will not regret. The owner of Motorola has delivered a great handset that would easily stay in the technology window for the next 2 years. 
Marshmallow expected in March.  




#############################PAGE-26#####################################
3 stars

 Uzair Bashir

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 An average product  

 In my duration of usage, i will try to summarize my experience with the phone. I am from a computer background, my review will be accordingly: 
Pros:
1. Battery is very huge, especially the charging time is relatively small. I really like it.
2. Fingerprint sensor is pretty good. I mean as good as that of iphone or nexus.
3. Display is good, could have been better but i think for most it will do 
4. Speaker quality and sounds etc. are good
5. Touch sensitivity is also as good as phones of higher range. 
Cons: 
Hardware
1. The processor is average, in noway it seems that you are using a 64-bit octa core processor. I used Mi4 before this just for two days, but i still remember the speed although it has a lower version of processor.
2. According to me the RAM should hv been 3 GB, reason being that 1200 MBs of RAM is always occupied by the system processes. And i usually hv 3-4 apps running which eats it upto 1900MB. If i make a heavy use of the device, you can imagine yourself the limits in size.
3. Camera is the worst for this device. And when i say worst, i guess i dont need further details.
4. Phone doesnt heat up with access use and gaming performance is also better. I tried clash of clans for 8 hrs a day. 
Software:
1. Although it comes with Android lollipop but the software isnt stable. My icons on home screen keep on disappearing, every time if i switch of the phone.
2. The network switching is unbelievably worst. If you are connected to a WiFi network and move out of its range, the phone doesnt automatically switch to mobile network for data. I dont know if the problem is with my phone but that is what i have.
3. I was using a sony phone before this so i constantly feel short of certain things while using it. UI isnt also that good. 


1 star

 Sanjeevkumar...

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Some issues with the device, please dont buy it.  

 I have brought the phone last week and observed some issue, 
1. Phone hangs very frequently and I had to restart it every time.
2. Play store gives error stating " please enable background Data to use Play Store" but even after changing the setting it doesn't work properly and gives error. 
 I was so existed when I ordered the phone but equally disappointed after using it for few days with above problems with the phone.  


1 star
Kamal extreem

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Poor Rear Camera  

 I use this phone two day and when i take the picture,picture quality is like a 2 megapixel camera better than 13 megapixel camera.Battery is good. 


1 star

 Manas Pinku

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 waste of money  

 got the phone today, there is lots of issue with it. it's very heavy phone also. after setting up the phone , I restarted the phone. now screen freezed. the pin input screen doesn't open at all. after sometime there is a message that appear that says enter pin, but there is no keyboard displaying.. very bad experience with this phone.  
totally will not recommend. 


1 star

 Dileep Reddy

 30 Oct 2015 
 
 Too Much Heat  

 We can put Half Boil / Omlette on the phone. Easy to cook. No gas waste.
Oh my god it's burning like hell. 


1 star

 guru

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Pooooooooor  

 its heavy .. very thick ..while charging sudden heat devlopes within few mints 
camera poor quality .. screen not HQ.. design not bad if want spec in 17k u ve to tollerate this also 


2 stars
Subrahmanyam

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 Internet is slow  

 I am using for past one month. Internet is very slow. Some it hangs while in use. Waste for this amount. 


4 stars
khzdroid

 16 Nov 2015 
 
 average phone - overhyped battery  

 Using this for the last 3 days - and not a bad phone at this price 
1. with a 5000 mAH battery, we get only about 8 hours of screen on time- and 24 hours of regular usage before it dies ( keeping wifi/3G on, brightness at almost 90% ) so thats not too bad). However , not getting the 2 / 3 days as mentioned by many folks on the forum 
2. Speaker volume for Calls is just about average , not as loud as touted 
3. Screen is okay , maybe slightly dull on the lower side 
4. Camera does not justify the 13 MP tag, strictly average 
5. finger print sensor is great 
6. decent looks   


1 star
Rajjak Shaikh Shaikh

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 mobile hang on  

 mobile purchaed date 04/11/2015 and while i am using mobile and using apps thats time any apps show massage not responding 


2 stars

 Gowreesh Ys

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1  

 Just now I got this product... I have been used for half hour.. Mobile is heating like anything can't hold in bare hands... 




#############################PAGE-27#####################################
1 star

 Laxmi M

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Don't buy  

 1.Hanging
2.Heating 
3.Finger print scanner not works properly 


1 star

 Ranjit Kumar

 01 Feb 2016 
 
 HOT!!! OUCH...  

 Received the handset within 36 hours of order.
Mobile charged from 30% to 100% with in 40 mins in a switched off state.
The handset became unbearably HOT while charging!!!
Have to arrange for a Nano Sim as mentioned in the specification.
After using P780 n Vibe Z pro for the last 2+yrs the heat that P1 produced was agonizingly painful.
Will update further review inputs of the handset once I get the Nano Sim... 


2 stars

 Sudheer

 11 Jan 2016 
 
 Camera totally disappointed  

 Got the mobile yesterday, earlier i used Lava Iris X5, when compared both mobiles Lava iris Primary ( 8 MP ) & Secondary ( 5MP) are good than this 13 MP.  
Other features are fine with Lenevo as compared to present market and Price. 
Image and Video quality is good during day light but no issues for me. But many times video is not working tries many restarting. Main home button is not working completely.
My above comments based after using 20 days. Many reviews are fake reviews it seems. Because of review i bought this mobile. Reviews doesn't help me at all. 16k is really big money for me:( but no such standards in Mobile 


1 star

 Vish

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 100% genuine review  

 I have sued this phone for 1 day and there goes my genuine review: 
1) Does not support Gujarati and other local language. Whatapp message show aski characters
2) Finger print reader is poor and does not recognize finger after 10 attempts.
3) Too slow to open contacts. You type a name and count 1-2-3-4-5-6-7 it takes upto 8 seconds to show what you typed. very very slow. 


2 stars

 Mohd. Ali Ansari

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Didn't work for me  

 I purchased this after looking at the specs and battery.
Unfortunately it didn't work for me. I faced lot of problems like camera not good and got problem in restoring google contacts as well. Few more issues related to quality. Bad experience. 


1 star

 SUBRAMANIAN LA...

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 BAD PRODUCT  

 the product was not fine..loudspeaker was gone within an month..bad device from flipkart please dont buy it..DEVICE BECAME DUMP IN AN MONTH..WASTE GADGET.. 


5 stars

 Dev Dutta Anand

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 is Boon to me .  

 This Lenovo Vibe P1 Handset is just as said in the specifications . UI is very light & Smooth . 
1. Best part is that it doesn't heat. 
2. Awesome Battery Backup 3 days Average use with Continue 3G Data Use ,I Personally Experienced this because i am a IT Guy so i normally run the Phone at least of 16 Hrs/day. 
3. Display is Very Sharp & Clear . 
4. Turbo Charging is like Miracle it take 2 hrs to charge fully 0 to 100 % .Its Completely saves my time a lot . 
5. DUAL 4G and Memory Card Slot Extra ( 3 Slots) 
6. Looks Very Classy & Executive Type . ( Executive go for it Surely )  
7. I don't play Games but i Heavily use Skype/emails/VPN/Remote Support & Big Fan of HD Videos . This phone completely satisfy me . 
8. Shape is very Sleek as expected . 
9. Far Far Better than one Plus 2 Don't waste extra 10 K On one plus 2 . UI sucks the RAM of one plus 2 . 
10. Loudspeaker is very Loud, but is melodious too .You can feel that the speaker has the quality like harman kardon .You Definitely Feel it . 
Some Other Facts : 
Its so premium like 25K to 35K phones by other companies. Anyone can't guess its price by just looking at it. Full Furnished metal body, good to dissipate heat as Professional Series Laptops have . 
5.5 inch 1920x1080p Gorilla Glass 3 protection . 
Good cameras, Front Camera is Nice for Selfie . 
Yes its True that Dual SIM 4G/4G on both SIMS ( Memory card Slot Separate) 
Fingerprint sensor is fast as compared to iphone & Samsung Handsets  
Takes 2 hour to fully charge 5000 mAh battery 
Works as a Power Bank to other devices. 10/10 
Speaker quality is excellent 10/10  


5 stars

 Tushar Kumar

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Fantastic phone.... at a great price.  

 I've been using the phone past week or so, and best thing about it lasts 2 days without charging.... fingerprint reader works wonderfully... quality is upto ranks.... no complains about it whatsoever.
Display is ALSO v good.... I know some guys complaint about low brightness... but you can tweak the brightness to be super bright... if you are looking for it. 
Totally worth it if you are looking for a phone in this price range which has all the features you can think of.. 


5 stars

 Debaki Nandan

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Right Vibes on choosing Lenovo Vibe P1  

 It's a great product. design , style and massive battery helps to be at top. i have chosen this above iphone and i am happy to say so. Awesome battery life helps me to get this enjoying 2 days without charging and believe me i can't be 5 mins left out from my device. 


2 stars

 Praveen gupta

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Royale salute  

 Awesome phone.using for past month and.forgot the battery problem.used to charge one in a two days.must buy product with enhance feature.great product at this value. 




#############################PAGE-28#####################################
2 stars
Mary Zoher

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Not that good as compared to the price.  

 Its very bulky.. should always handle with care.. camera quality is very low as compared to the cost of the phone.. 


2 stars
Varesh Tuli

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Phone Specs but Heating Issue  

 Phone Specifications are pretty good, Finger Print sensor and battery is good. But there is alot heating issue with device. After playing 10-15 of normal game or web surfing temperature raised to 38-39. While charging it reaches to 43-44. Phone is getting heating from camera side and ear speaker side. So it is hard to take call untill we have to wait to cool it down. 
Lenovo should take care of this thing. 


2 stars
manjureddy patil

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 average product  

 Ups: 
Good battery backup
Quick charging
you can restrict apps to access phone data
looking good 
Downs:
network issue
3g data connection issue 
fingerprint sensor is not much accurate(prev i used coolpad note 3 it is very good )
laggy s/w(no home)
design is bit old & bulky   


4 stars

 Anthony

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Does not come with its own music(MP3/MP4) player !!!.....to play music, you'd have to go to your File Browser and play one after the other...Really annoying. 


4 stars

 Jitesh Mishra

 16 Nov 2015 
 
 Not worth 16K  

 Good phone. Camera is OK. Front camera is good. some of the features are not responding quickly. I've not installed any big application still only 800mb ram available. 
Sim and microsd cover is a big task to open. Quite possible of lock getting damage if used frequently. With 16K phone Lenovo should have given better design. 
Call quality very good. Speakers is loud and clear. No earphone as mentioned. Fingerprint scanner is good. OTG is also working good. Reverse charging is a good feature. 
Parts are prone to break is used frequently. Charging point is also very hard. 
Overall a good phone but not worth 16K. 


5 stars

 madhan

 14 Nov 2015 
 
 tharu maru battery power and model  

 handset is amazing top use 
camera front and back tharu maruu 
internal memory 32 GB fanatics 
yalamea super dhan 


5 stars
Ananth

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Perfect  

 Nicely packed and delivered. Reasonable price. Octacore processor with 16 GB internal memory and 16 GB card, Good battery backup, 2 LTE SIM 


5 stars

 Shopaholic

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone  

 Review after 3 weeks of use :- 
Display is awesome even in sunlight .
Battery lasts for 2 days even in moderate to heavy use like playing games,running mobile data.
Charges very fast within less than 1.5 hrs.
Fingerprint works very fine ..can take max 2 fingerprints.
Camera is good not excellent but selfies are good enough for 5 MP.
Looks sturdy and beautiful although metallic feels is less at back.
Processor is good although minor lags can be noticed.
Huge storage capacity.
Little heating does happen while charging or playing longer .
Its a bit heavy maybe for the metallic body and huge battery but can be ignored for the backup.
Audio is excellent.
OTG is an excellent advantage at this price.
There is no headset but a screen guard and back cover and thats fine too.
Dual SIM and 2nd sim goes upto 3G sometimes too. 
Overall thanks Lenovo for a strong and sturdy phone in this price range and thanks flipkart for fast delivery.  


5 stars
BVNR PAVAN KUMAR

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone  

 I have been using this phone for last 4 days. It is really amazing phone.
Pros : 
Excellent display.
Excellent fingerprint recognition
Good camera.
NFC available.
Power mode invention is like another small phone inside your big phone.
Big battery. 
Final:
In this price range no one can give a phone like this..  


5 stars

 Iyappan Ponnus...

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Real Superphone  

 This is not a smartphone. It is a real superphone.
Has the best features and priced rightly. No phone can beat it right now.
Right size for browsning - 5.5 inch
Ultimate battery life - no need to switch off bluetooth, 4G, apps to save battery
Dual sim cards - with 4G
Expandable memory - 128GB - Those who lost precious data like photos when their mobile hanged will know the value of saving photos directly to external card. 
Free back cover and screen protector - am seeing this for the first time in any phone
Fingerprint sensor!
Option to switch to pure android home screen - Once you have this, it is like a nexus phone 




#############################PAGE-29#####################################
1 star

 manny

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Please Don't buy this phone  

 I have used this phone for 3 days and the phone has started its blenders
first of all I have bought this phone because it has 4900 MAH battery 
but it only lasts of 10 hours and heating issues as well 
and lot of updates which consume your data like hell which is super pathetic  
and when i have tried to return this product in the flipkart website 
its only showing me the replacement option .
so i called to the customer care of flipkart
and i had a talk with one of the senior most supervisor 
and he told me that he will be sending me a link where i need to install an app
and again i need to put a data pack for it  
i asked flipkart people for just refund my money but they are giving these blenders  
if any body from flipkart watching this please refund my money back i don't want this phone any more 
its my hard earn money 
please refund me  


1 star

 Mahesh R

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 nice look and config.. but got problem on first day  

 i was soo happy to receive the product in one day and i was really happy with the look and feel of the product. But on the first day itself i need to face a problem in my new LENOVO VIBE P1-- flashing screen... once after when i switch on my phone from sleep mode, the screen will start flashing.......  
Company should have double checked the phone before selling it us.. Its too much annoying to encounter with such a trouble in the first day itself. 
I Hope flipkart take the product back immediately from me.   


3 stars

 Guru

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 Not worth for money  

 Frequently signal dropped and low brightness,audio quality not good,screen not HQ,Display is not bright,taught dual speaker, but fount one of it was MIC ( y to keep that many holes for mic ?) 


3 stars
Vigneshwar K R

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 LOW RESOLUTION CAMERA MOBILE FROM LENOVO  

 The camera of this mobile is like 5 mega pixels . 
other specs are good 
battery drains fast
finger print sensor is good .
TOUCH HANGS SOMETIMES. 
MESSAGE RECEPTION INTERRUPTS SOME TIMES. 
THEIR MOTIVE IS GOOD BUT SPECS AND HARDWARE ARE NOT QUALITY. 
PIXELS THROUGH 13MP CAMERA BREAKS. 
FRONT IS WORSTER THEN SAMSUNG 0.3MP 
SPEAKER IS VERY LOUD. 
SOME WHAT GOOD  
AFTER A DAY USES I CHARGED THIS PHONE TWICE A DAY 
DUAL SIM SUPPORTS 4G (AWESOME)  


1 star
sanjay mehta

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 No headphones  

 Everyone going for this phone- please note there are no headphones in the box- you will have to buy these seperately - Lenovo is saving money- i was expecting a good quality headphones from Lenovo but was disappointed to see no headphones are provided in the box 


5 stars

 Ajinkya Patil

 19 Jan 2016 
 
 Best Product By Lenovo with Long Battery Backup !!!  

 Firstly I want to say about Flipkart Service which is awesome. Product was delivered to me very early from the given time. 
Now, about Device... 
In-The-Box:
1 Lenovo Vibe P1 Device
1 Lenovo Rocket Charger
1 Data Cable (Also works as charger cable)
1 Screen Guard
1 OTG Adapter (No Headphones Provided)
1 Transparent Back Cover  
About Device: 
1. Display:
- Brightness is not bad but not too good. To make it Too good you can use Super Bright Mode in Display Settings.
- Viewing angle is also wide and 1080p resolution makes it awesome. 
2. Camera:
- 13 MP Front camera is taking good pictures in day light whether in night it gives some noise but it is negligible. Fast auto-focus makes it easier to take images quickly.
- 5 MP front camera is also gives descent pictures selfie lovers like it ! 
3. Battery:
- The best feature of the phone is 5000 mAH Battery and Rocket Charger.
- Rocket charger charges the battery within 1.5 hrs and lasts for a day in a heavy use and up to 3 days with power saving mode on.
- Power saving switch is given at left side which not only gives a better look but also prevents to get out from power saving mode accidentally.  
4. Fingerprint Sensor:
- Works Good as in most of the reviews we can see it has a 9:10 accuracy.
- It should be better of it will be given on the back side of the phone.
- you don't need to press power button to unlock the phone, Just keep your finger on the sensor and ur phone will awake ! 
5. Calling:
- Main function of each phone is calling so in this device its best. Call Quality is best on the both side. No problems faced yet about network within 10 days. 
6: Sound:
- Sound quality is nice in the headset. External speaker is loud too. 
7. Memory:
- Packed with 2 GB of RAM and 32 GB ROM Expandable up to 128 GB.
- Storage is awesome but if you are high weighted gamer you will expect for 3 GB RAM. 
8. Built and Design:
- Its built quality is good. Only top portion of rear side is removable where we can insert both sim and mmc separately. (None of the SIM slots shared with mmc). 
9. UI:
- The Vibe UI is doing its best its light weighted. But still there are some limitations for themes. But it will be best rather than external UIs. 
10. Extra Features:
- Quick Snap, Knock to light, Smart Scene, Wide Touch, Flip to Sleep, Micro Screen (Makes screen size smaller for 1 hand use.) 


2 stars

 sixsy

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 google not working  

 google services does not work. better go with other model. my recommend dont buy this phonegoogle services does not work. better go with other model. my recommend dont buy this phone.google services does not work. better go with other model. my recommend dont buy this phone 


2 stars
Gunasekar Mani

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 Heating MORE  

 First two hrs of usage i review this product all functions are ok. but phone heating more. cant speak phone calls due to more heat. 


5 stars

 vishnu vinit v...

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 The VIBE P1  

 Excellent, Amazing, Superb, Power pack, Nuclear Bomb, Diamond Mobile, Amazing battery, Macho & Stylish look & Power pack performance, Affordable cost, Android v5.1 (Lollipop), 4G, Equipped with a fingerprint reader for secure login and enhanced protection against data theft, Corning Gorilla Glass, Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB - It's The VIBE P1 
I had gone through all the mobiles available in the range of 30,000 Rs. and after checking every detail I had selected this mobile. Now I am proud to purchase this mobile. 
1. The best part of this mobile is it's battery backup. I am using Skype, Whatsapp, Viber, Outlook, Email, G mail, Facebook, True caller, Fb Messenger, Candy crush and etc; also my data connection is active 24 hrs. After running all these apps still my mobile runs for minimum 24 hrs. I m charging my mobile once in every 24 hrs.. SUPER !!!
2. Solid performance 
3. Amazing look
4. Superb sound
5. Delicious new functions  
Great phone... Must go for it friends. 
Only low point is the weight, but after all these benefits & prize i will ignore it. 


3 stars
SIJO JOSEPH

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 MY PHONE HAVE SOME PROBLEMS  

 * Heating in charging time
* Top cover is not perfectly close 
* Heating in call time and moderate use
* I am creating another one user account now ram is only less than 500mb is available
* some times lagging is occurred 
* battery is very very good 




#############################PAGE-30#####################################
4 stars

 Girish Kumar V

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Good Phone with heating issues  

 I will not comment on the specs as they are already mentioned on the site..After using for 2 days, my observations are
1) The device heats up-to a temperature of 68 deg cel.when you turn on wifi,music,GPS and 100% screen Brightness and battery also drains.Qualcomm 600 series chips have heating issues.
2) I installed around 140 apps and i device response time is bit slow.
3) After updating the phone with latest update, fingerprint scanner started working flawlessly and it recognises FP in any direction you swipe i.e.,360 Degree sense. You can register only two fingers.
4) No ear phones,One OTG is provided. Music is little distorted when volume is 100%.
5) Form Factor is good but not great. 
Good Value for money.. 


1 star
a.ravikumar

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 good superb excellent unbeilivble  

 best phone no use with finger print sensor.screen is superb.camera poor.internet very slow.battery ok.16k is waste. 


3 stars

 rovin fernandes

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 after 3 days of usage  

 firstly built quality as expected is good, front part looks lyk a normal Android phone while the back part impressed me a lot.
pros,
1)finger print sensor is very responsive 
2)speaker is loud enough bt only one speaker.
3)battery backup is good  
cons,
1)very bad camera
2)screen could be sharper 
3)bulky
4)lenovo ui is very irritating  
for 16k I felt this phone is overpriced 


4 stars

 Riswan M

 29 Oct 2015 
 
 OK  

 This is my fifth day review : 
Compare to the price phone is OK and there is missing of ear phone but if we going to check at lenovo website there i no earphone available for this brand, i don't know what the F*** flipkart are mentioning about the accessory list for product. Apart from that lenovo provide you case cover and screen guard and phone have more futures it have dual system to be more safe i bought two phone nice to buy but i am just thinking about the service center because lenovo phones are one year old to Indian market any how i am living in city the people those who living in apart from city it seems problem for them to take service 


2 stars

 Gowtham

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Read this and buy  

 Hi,0 
I received it in 2nd used it on 11th this month, in this mobile we can only use 2 fingers, cant able to use more than 2 fingers, every thing is good except fingerprint sensor, and ram is only 2gb, and my mobile is getting hanging when started after upgrade my mobile it again getting hanging. if it has more than 2 finger print sense this mobile is awesome. 


1 star

 Sumit Kumar

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 This Phone is Crap...don't take it !!!  

 Its an genuine review after using one month i am telling this.
There is no pros & cons I am writing as there is NO. 
If you have 5000mAh battery but you are unable to call anyone with that phone ...how useful is that you can think of. 
This mobile phone have serious bugs which will make you to think on your choice. Same with me so warning here everyone who are thinking of taking this just because of few highlighted stuff in advertisements. 
Worth mentioning: 
Camera: 4/10
Fingerprint: 7/10
UI: 6/10
SW Quality: 3/10 (even though its an Android Lenovo has screwed it up very well)
sound: 4/10 Loud but not for music 
NOTE: Contacts and dialer is worse as they are very slow and hung most of the time and you will be unable to call anyone. Also installing other dialer apps (like truedialer) will not going to help as system hangs whole stuff. 


5 stars

 Anand Mohan

 13 Feb 2016 
 
 very good display and battery  

 Its very good in its own way like: battery backup, display is very crispy & clear in bright sunlight. Its a performing one.
For some it may feel a bit heavy [180grm], but better than carrying a powerbank. 


4 stars

 Rakesh Awasthi

 13 Feb 2016 
 
 overall good phone  

 1) Battery is awesome.. post 4 months there is no single day I was able to exhaust it.
2) Fingerprint is great..really seen in few top end phones only.
3) Charging is lighting fast 0 to 100% in 1 hour.
4) RAM 32GB is very good. 
Only issue is many a time signals lost or giving lot of alerts. 


5 stars

 sk maltare

 13 Feb 2016 
 
 very nice phone.  

 yes it is as per the specification . looks good in hand. nice part is battery . with all kind of uses , one can take it for 24 hrs with at least 30-40 % remaining. the back transparent cover is too good. fast charging is very useful, in an hour u can charge full battery. while charging on fast mode it gets heatup , but that is obvious. i like it. and i recommend it. 


2 stars

 Mahavir Singh...

 12 Feb 2016 
 
 NOT SATISFIED  

 Phone is very slow, graphics or images are not clear as compared to Lenovo K4 Note and GPS not working properly as compared to others low cost phones. Every time I need refresh Compass manually to get actual location. And even I am not able to get update my phone after downloading the Update available. I am regretting after purchasing this phone. 




#############################PAGE-31#####################################
4 stars

 Vignesh K

 12 Feb 2016 
 
 Experiencing Good..  

 Performance is good but sometimes rare lags when comes back to home screen
Battery draining little faster...Lats for 50 hours with mixed usage without gaming...
Turbo charging is good...charging within 1 n half hours
very good music experience in ear phones...Providing Superb bass and equalizers...
Lot of sensors are there and very useful...
Value for money... 


4 stars

 Dattatray Naik...

 12 Feb 2016 
 
 Quite OK not so impressive  

 Battery last 1.5 Days even it is 5000 mAh, Fingerprint need 2 to 3 attempt for success. Else other things are ok. 


5 stars
chandrashekhar de...

 12 Feb 2016 
 
 best mobile  

 such a good phone, good clarity, nice to operate, much easy in operations, browsing is fast, camera also has good clearity, sound is amazing by handsfree and with external speaker, i have buy it in last week, fingerprint is also very sensitive, certainly good mobile, 


4 stars

 Neeraj Shadangi

 10 Feb 2016 
 
 Decent phone with the price range.  

 It's a good phone with good battery life. No heating problem. Camera is not that great but doesn't disappoint also. 


2 stars

 Mahesh Nayak

 10 Feb 2016 
 
 100% Genuine Review  

 Hi, i have purchased it on 30/01/2016 and got delivered on 31/01/2016 by flipkart, Look wise super, additional futures excellent, Battery awesome. Charges very very fast (Hardly takes one hour to get full charge) and drains very slow, real marathon battery. But while charging heats like hell.  
Now real problem with the set is its heats like hell while charging and even using and also day one it got hanged like anything. Camera quality very poor,  
Good things: Battery, Charging time, Fingerprint Scanner, filled with lots of future, Sound,  
Bad things: Heating and hanging. 
I have returned this product on 02/02/2016. It was only 30 days replacement but after doing some test flipkart agreed to take it back and with in one day the have got the money back. Thanks to flipkart. 


5 stars

 Deepankar Das

 10 Feb 2016 
 
 best phone  

 the sexiest phone ever i used in this range,i would suggest everyone to us this prmium product from lenovo,the best part is the battery and the fingerprint sensor security and it will also give update for android mrshmellow 


5 stars

 Kishor Kumar M S

 10 Feb 2016 
 
 Superb Phone  

 Hi All, 
I got this mobile within 24 hours of order time. This is very good phone, display is superb bit heavy but ok, battery backup is awesome giving 2 days..even playing games and listening music and videos. Camera also good, even it will give good picture if you click while in running (bus, car etc), 2gb ram is enough more than 900mb will be free. Multitasking working fine, we can set background process limit, single speaker but audio output is loud and good quality, design is superb, If you update phone software then you will get stock android features and you can switch between vibe UI to stock android or vice versa. 32 gb inbuilt memory expandable 128gb is more than enough for storage. overall good mobile in this range. Mobile will recharge very soon, I was surprised.  
Hint - before plug into charger please select power saving mode (Physical switch is there left hand side) then plug into original charger. Mobile will recharge very soon..100% sure.. try this. 


5 stars

 Chetan Jaiswal

 10 Feb 2016 
 
 awsum phone  

 a must buy phone within this range 
Phone's build quality is excellent. Charging completes in no time. Battery backup is good. 32GB storage is good enough. More than 1GB RAM is always available. Excellent fingerprint sensor. Screen resolution is good.
thanks lenovo and flipkart... 


1 star
pradeep R

 09 Feb 2016 
 
 review of vibe p1  

 Heating issue is main thing to discuss in this lenovo vibe p1 and camera in night time worst . battery backup is good . while charging itself mobile getting heating 
i have returned to flipkart 
Please don't go with lenovo vibe p1.
delivering is gud from flipkart. appreciated 


5 stars

 Jamil Ahmed

 09 Feb 2016 
 
 Always ON phone  

 Good performance for 2GB RAM. Great Metallic build, But I did face some problem opening it up to insert SIM. 
Finger Print tech is nice, accurate and well placed (I don't like it placed behind the phone). 
Vibe UI is quite nice but limits customization considerably. No support fot external icon packs for Vibe UI.
I was expecting a good music player in the package but only found Play Music, which is not disappointing. 
I mostly wrote about problems, Anything else is great in there 




#############################PAGE-32#####################################
5 stars

 gajendra verma

 09 Feb 2016 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Good product.Very good battery backup.Samrtphone without battery is nothing.performance is good.
Charhing is also very fast as mentioned Rocket charger. 


5 stars

 Nagaraj MM

 09 Feb 2016 
 
 fantastic it is...  

 a great phone,  
you have flip to lock option 
auto answer the call when u take it near your ears 
fingerprint sensor 
2 days of good back of 4900 mah batery 
plenty of lenovo vibe ui themes which never make you feel boared with same screens 
ultra powersaving mode using an single button press 
and ....i would say no defects at hardware 
no cons!!..kudos lenovo great job at this price segment. 


5 stars

 Lucky Vashisht

 09 Feb 2016 
 
 Perfect phone - Value for money (After using 2 months)  

 - Excellent phone than expected.
- Fingerprint is working very fast , good addition in this price range.
- Good battery backup. Fast charging, Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery.
- Screen clarity is good, Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
- Sound is loud and clear. 
- Lots of sensor feature is added impressive lenovo
- choose to option Google style UI as well with app drawer --> So no complaints. Need to more features like gestures etc.
- Normal electronic goods heating, nothing alarming
- Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS & Memory card slot is extra
- 32 gigs + 128 gigs (SD Card) --> enough space for all the needs
- Screen is excellent, 
- Camera quality is perfects comparison to Moto X Play, Samsung J7 too much better 
Looks is extremely good! and I don't feel the extra weight, generally like phones have a metal body & bettery 5000MAH on the heavier side. 
Overall a great phone for the money and completely satisfied till now. 


5 stars
Daniel

 08 Feb 2016 
 
 Worth Money Paid !!!  

 Reviewing the Product after 2.5 months of usage.
Worth the money !!! 
Battery is Excellent... tried playing NOVA 3 The Battery percentage drops 1% with 30mins of continuous play with full brightness. 
Sound quality via speakers are very loud... Good for music lovers. 
Firmware updates are doing good work in fixing bugs.. ;)  
Not good for very intensive games like GTA...I play NOVA 3, Asphalt 8, MC5, NFS No Limits... They play good without frame drops. 
Phone is heavy compared to other mobile, bit considering features and power packed hardware.. it's reasonable. 
Multitasking is Great... Almost 12-15 apps holds on great with it's 2GB RAM, I tried multitasking each App with some progress including games like Asphalt 8,Asphalt nitro,true dialer,uc browser,FB,WhatsApp,Skype,stock camera,...
2GB RAM does Fine. 
Finger print sensor is so Useful and a phone should have for it's Privacy. Fingerprint recognization is Not bad, but not performable compared to NOTE 4... Really awesome feature. 
In addition.. it has SECURE ZONE, that is highly recommended. 
Display is brighter, but in brighter sunshine its hard to easy, mostly every phone fails in this part. 
Signal reception is good, with Call recorder... Good job!! 
Screen Gaurd and a Transparent silicon plastic case comes in box... Very appreciable.. Good!! 
Happy with this Mobile by Lenovo. Thanks Flipkart for Good delivery. Happy shopping !!  


5 stars

 THEHARI

 08 Feb 2016 
 
 MASTER PIECE  

 After using 2 weeks
DISPLAY- Colors are real with best viewing angles and deep black levels. Display brightness is good just need to tick smart brightness under display color balance setting menu along with auto brightness. Smart brightness is based on qualcomm's assertive display technology which handles direct sun lightning conditions smoothly. 
BATTERY- It's mammoth. No comments on capacity. Just waiting for stable update which will fix sharp drops of battery %('P1a42_s137.....' or lower build version does't have this issue, so google and check issues before updating phone ). Rocket charger or Quick charger is also impressive as it injected 4900mah within 1h40m. Heating or warming issue can be short out by sliding power saver toggle(top left) up during charging. 
CAMERA- Primary is good in light(day light or flash) but sucks in low light(I feel its cam driver issue and would be fixed ). Front does its job. 
FINGERPRINT- fist time user of the sensor. And I think it does its job when required. Sometimes it fails but I think it depends on placement of finger(not orientation as it can sense from 360 direction). My concern is sensors software limitations which limited to only unlock the device and that too with two fingers only.
When I was doing research b4 purchasing P1 I thought fingerprint is just add-on but after using it I am going to depend and now think it makes easy minute to minute things(just put ur finger and colors come alive). 
SPEAKER- It is really a loudspeaker.(for both calling and entertainment purposes) Regarding quality, is not too good to praise it and not too bad to bash it. After all I am the one who dig into the wave by creating vaccum in ears.
People complaining about no headphones along phone, I think it's in buyer's favour by giving freedom to choose suitable headphone instead of throwing 'tom dick and harry' type headphones like others do. You can also balance it as lenovo giving OTG dongle back case. 
RAM- What is the requirement of 3GB, 4GB.... if u can't fill 2GBs(after all it all depends on Ram management) 
GAMING- I'm not a hungry gamer but it does job when required(played asphalt8 only - works flawlessly) 
So far no heating, no network problem, no wifi problem
Fast charge(>>) turns into normal(>) if u will use during charging(temperature may also rise) 
I sort out this phone because it has all things>> some are ok remains are awesome.
I highly recommend this.
Thank you for reading. 


1 star

 Prasanna

 07 Feb 2016 
 
 Battery heating  

 Very heavy phone and battery heats up to cause shutdown now struggling to get a repair done as this product is not available for retail sale yet 


5 stars
Divyesh Harit

 07 Feb 2016 
 
 Best phone around 15k  

 Bought the phone for 14.5k, thanks to the exchange offer (I returned my Micromax Canvas 2), which was a steal. Here are my first impressions after 3 days of (heavy :P) usage:  
- Firstly, the USP of the phone - The battery. Words can't describe how good of a job Lenovo has done in this area. Fast charge works brilliantly, charges the phone in less than 1.5 hrs. Even if you watch high def videos, play games, use wifi/3G, it'll easily last more than 1 day. Insane! 10/10.  
- Display is gorgeous. Crisp and clear, I watched Avengers 2 on it and it was a delight.10/10.  
- Processor is very fast and responsive. 9/10.  
- 2GB ram is more than enough, even if you play a heavy game you'll still have 500mb or so free(system and other background apps take up the rest of the RAM apart from that game), which is decent imo. 9/10.  
- Back camera is good, needs a steady hand though. Front camera is sufficient for the occasional selife. 8.5/10.  
- 32GB internal memory is awesome at this price range(user available is around 25GB). Coupled with my old 16GB SD Card, I've got the storage covered!  
- Very responsive fingerprint sensor, works well. Currently using it to unlock the phone, because entering the pattern every time is more of a hassle :P 
- Lenovo even gave a back cover and screen guard in the phone box itself, which was pretty awesome I felt. Saved 250-300 bucks.  
- No earphones, wasn't expecting them, but would have been nice to have them. But I guess that's a rarity in budget smartphones nowadays.  
P.S - To future users, install 2-3 system updates. One will be around 210mb and the other 2 will be 30-35 mb each. The first big update will allow you to switch to stock Android UI(which most of us are more comfortable with), if you don't want to keep the Vibe UI.  
P.P.S - Get your sim card cut from a local mobile store if yours is a micro sim, as this phone only supports nano sim. It isn't an issue, it just takes a trip to a shop and 10 bucks.  
If 15-16k is your budget, go for this one blindly :)   


5 stars

 sai%20sudhan%2...

 07 Feb 2016 
 
 good mobile  

 Hai guys i used lenovo vibe p1 it will very nice phone..
camera clarity & photo shoot is very nice to use is look like iphone
RAM speed is also good 
Fingerprint Sensor is v.very good
Battery backups is more than 3 day with net used
its very worth mobile for this amount 
So,its very good phone to use...........................  


5 stars
Harshal Oza

 07 Feb 2016 
 
 Really a Smart Phone with all the great features  

 Really world's fastest charger... battery back up is good... finger print sensor is awesome...Buy this phone with close EYES.... 


4 stars

 Aravind Teki

 07 Feb 2016 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Lenovo VIBE P1: good video, screen sharp images and powerful battery, good material and finish looks good but it seams little heavy 




#############################PAGE-33#####################################
4 stars
Rakesh Venu

 06 Feb 2016 
 
 A decent phone  

 The first one that I had ordered started acting conky within 10 days of ordering.No heating issues like everybody claimed.The battery back up is good.I didn't have to worry about the phone committing harakiri if I switch the GPS on.The Rocket charge feature is brilliant.It goes to 100% within half an hour or less.I have played music for over an hour twice a day and the phone has not gone into a coma. 
The problem is the charging port.It is poorly made.Plug in the charger tthe first time and it will make you feel that you will certainly damage the port.I used a Redmi Note USB cable which fit in perfectly and charged my phone.So do buy a different cable if you face the same problem. 
Next,as all new things,it survived the first drop from waist high .Fortunately,I had the foresight to put tempered glass and buy a Tough Armor cover regardless of what people say,it makes it look bulky and what not.If you spent 15k on a phone,protect your investment. 
The software is fine,call quality is ok,can be extremely loud and clear in different places.Depends on the network.Has a tendency to lose the network signal.Camera is not a great thing because people want a DSLR on a mobile,I bought it for the battery backup. 
Hope this helps. 


5 stars
Rahul islam

 06 Feb 2016 
 
 great phone ever  

 This phone is really good . because it -
1. full HD display 5.5in
2. 2 GB Ram , 3 GB internal its to good.
3. 5000amp big battery
4. finger print + NFC
and processor, graphics,dual 4G etc etc etc.. 
 i brought this phone ,i used really good 


1 star

 Ravi Raj Ranjan

 06 Feb 2016 
 
 After one month battery backup is low  

 After one month battery backup is low,Battery is not working like 4900 mah,its working link 1800 mah. except battery every thing is good, camera good,front camera is good. 


5 stars
Rajesh Prajapati,...

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Lovely Mobile Phone..  

 Hello friends.. 
I can't help myself admiring Lenovo vibe p1.. 
It's really a wonderful phone...
Someone has written that this phone doesn't support Gujarati language and I also was hesitant to buy this phone just because of this issue of Gujarati language but after the fourth update Gujarati is supported. So there is no problem for Gujjus to buy this mobile phone.. 
Amazing sound quality, superb screen, Gorilla Glass, 32 gb internal memory, extraordinary sensor and other safety features.. Excellent.. ðÂÂÂÂÂÂ ðÂÂÂÂÂÂ 
No need to worry.. Buy it... It's really wonderful phone...   


5 stars

 Mahir

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Incredible Phone.  

 I've owned this phone for a week now, and I'll give an overview of the positives and the negatives. 
Positives:
1) The battery ofcourse. Sometimes, the phone when fully charged lasts upto a day and a half. And I use it semi-intensively.
2) Charges from 0 to 100 in about an hour and a half. The packaging says 1 hour but that's okay.
3) Sound quality is incredible. Extremely clear.
4) The display is beautiful. 
5) It's cheap. 
Negatives
1) The camera is so-so. It's not bad but if you're selfie obsessed, you may be disappointed.
2) It's heavy. That's what you would expect with such a massive battery anyway. 
Perfect for someone who doesn't care too much about taking photos all day, and just wants a good sturdy phone. 


5 stars

 Pradyumna Kumar

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Very Nice Mobile Phone  

 I am using this Phone from last 2 Weeks and I am loving it because of battery.Performance of this phone is very good, also this phone is having nice looks. 


4 stars

 Girisemtha

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Very good phone  

 I'm Using Lenovo vibe P1 device from last one week and really the performance of the phone made my wish fulfill I'm not a android fascinated guy, because while using phone the most hated thing for me is lag in the phone but due to the compatibility of APPS I turned down from my windows phone to android, but I'm literally surprised by this lag free phone the experience of asphalt airbone 8 in windows and now in android are same. The only problem what i'm facing is with heat during charging but that is very much negligible. Battery is also very good as of now I'm charging it after every one and half day. With more usage of games and limited usage of DATA but continuous usage of WI-FI.  
Bottom line: A very good phone in a affordable price range. 


5 stars

 Manish Asnani

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Socho Nahi..Kharid lo  

 Awesome Mobile...Must buy at the range of 15k. 
I bought this mobile during republic sale @ 13800. I was using MOTO G 3rd gen, was so much annoyed and pissed off with battery and heating issue. I used to charge Moto 3 times in a day and it gets heat up anytime more than 43 degrees. Thus, after having horrible experience, i decided to buy mobile after going through entire reviews and videos on youtube and finally after a week decided that lenovo vibe P1 is a right choice and bought it during republic sale. 
I will share my personal experience after using it for more than 2 weeks. 
Pros: 
1.Mammoth Battery life. I charge only once in a day. It takes 1 hr 15 mins to charge 100%.
2. Excellent HD Display. Superb Color reproduction specially during sunlight Smart Brightness works perfectly
3. Excellent performance in terms of Multi tasking
4. High end games are working perfect.
5. No heating issue. Face lil heat during charging
6. Fingerprint works 8 out of 10 times 
Cons -
1. Camera is average but not poor (not expecting Iphone type camera @ 15k range mobile)
2. 1% software lag while in screen rotation but negligible  
Overall review - Must buy phone at this price range.   


5 stars

 I RAVISANKAR

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 GOOD AND NICE MOBILE  

 This mobile is very nice and good 
stand by time is very long
videos and photos quality is very nice
applications is much better than other mobiles  


5 stars

 Kevin Rodrigues

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 is a good budget phone  

 Good budget phone with a long lasting battery. 
Good screen.
Decent camera.
Long lasting battery. 
If you are looking for an everyday phone with a 5.5 inch screen and in budget then you can consider this. 




#############################PAGE-34#####################################
5 stars

 Meet Gokalani

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 .  

 Nice phone but phone doesn't support big games like GTA and FIFA 


5 stars

 Shankar Prasad

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 AMMMAZING  

 It's got everything going for it - battery life, build quality, camera, LOUD-speakers, and non-intrusive UI. Can't think of too many cons. Very happy with this purchase. 


5 stars

 Biswajit Das

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Very good mobile phone. Value for money. I am using this phone for almost 15 days.
Premium look and feel. No Lag.
Excellent batttery.
Touch is superb.
Display awesome 


4 stars
Tarun Mukhiya

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 Nice Phone  

 It is a beauty, nice feel, camera is also good, battery no doubt awesome.....
Fingerprint sensor is lill weak........
but over all its a nice phone to buy.....  


5 stars

 Sanjay Sanadhya

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 Great Great Phone in Awesome Price  

 Please system update this mobile and see the performance after. good camera quality and battery backup, touch, sound, fast charging everything is good. excellent phone. i wil suggest everyone to buy this phone. 


5 stars
SACHIN SK

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 awesome  

 Only one word awesome....go for it. I had purchased 3 handset.....one for me two for my frd s 


5 stars

 Sam

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 Battery backup is superb!!!  

 Product is really good. battery backup is super and charges very soon... i suggest to buy this to my friends.
But thing is, there is no white or black color phone. Only silver is available... 


5 stars

 Shadab Waseem

 03 Feb 2016 
 
 Worth of Money  

 The best phone around with awesome specifications build quality, sound, camera and action. Close your eyes and buy it, not to worry a bit. 


5 stars

 Gaurav Jindal

 03 Feb 2016 
 
 Excellent Product.  

 I have been using this mobile for over a month and now I am totally satisfied.
For first 2-3 days the phone was lagging and was hanging but after doing all kind of updates and everything, it started working fine.
Now it rarely hangs. 
Good Points:
Killer Sound System.
Nice camera
Good software support
Great Battery, I charge my phone after 3 days and it gets charged only in 1 hour.
50-50 Finger Scanner
A special secret mode, where you can put your personal lock and install app which won't be visible in normal mode. 
Bad Things:
The Finger Scanner could have been more great. Only 2 fingers can be used for scan.
As the mobile has 2 GB RAM, it is sufficient but if you keep secret mode on, then you some time may find it bit less. 
Overall it is a good phone. I am satisfied because due to scheme and my previous mobile I got this phone in 11k instead of 16k. But nowadays lenovo has launched many new mobile with same specification, so you can see that also. 


5 stars

 Sharada panda

 03 Feb 2016 
 
 Good product for the price  

 I have been using this phone for over a month now.
I got the phone after 2 days of ordering online,so very happy with flipkart's service. 
The handset came with a screen guard,back cover and OTG usb adapter(No earphone).
 1.Camera-- Camera is decent but although it claims to be 13MP in the back,the photo quality is not that good.But still decent. 
2.Sound--The sound quality is very good,and is very loud. 
3.Performance-- Big games run easily with 4-5 apps running in the background. 
4.Fingerprint sensor-- Works 90% of the time. 
5.Battery-- Runs for 2 days and a half if i use normally.if i am listening to music and playing games,amongst other things, then it lasts for a day. Charges from 10% to 98 % in 1.5 hours. 
6.Heating-- The phone never got heated up too much.While charging it gets a little bit heated,which i felt was normal. 
7.Display-- The screen clarity is pretty awesome. 
Overall very good features in the price range.  




#############################PAGE-35#####################################
4 stars
Sayantan Ray

 03 Feb 2016 
 
 Nice Phone  

 I was confused whether to buy this model or Vibe S1, then went for this model. 
I am really happy using this phone as it has great feature and configuration. 
Though the UI crashes sometimes but I can still go with it as it is not frequent or regular. 
I am satisfied using this model.  


5 stars

 harshit thakkar

 03 Feb 2016 
 
 Best Phone with 15k  

 Hi All, 
Review after 2 weeks of usage. 
I am a gadget freak person. I keep changing my phones frequently.
Previous one i used was one plus one. It has awesome functions, but only problem was with battery. It use to get drained very quickly as it happens with most of the smart phone. 
But lenovo vibe p1 is exceptional. Even with continuous internet usage, the battery will last for min 1 and a half or 2 days.
5star for battery. 
Camera is also good. 
Only thing which i feel should have been more is the RAM. Its just 2gb. Though there has not been a problem in usage.
I will surely recommend it to buy. 


1 star
kuber unakal

 02 Feb 2016 
 
 very worst mobile by lenovo  

 Friends dont buy this phone , camera not good at all ,, very bad porformance dont buyyyyyyyyyyyyy..
lenovo is world 1st bad brand... 


3 stars

 Prabhu C

 02 Feb 2016 
 
 not able to 3g video  

 Hi. 
Im purchase lenovovibep1 on 31 dec 16. Phone is working good , but 
1) 3g video not to do in this phone.
2) this phone support only 1 4g sim. 
Rest of them phone is gud. 


5 stars
Seshan Sunkari

 02 Feb 2016 
 
 Vibe P1 review  

 Hi 
I ordered this product on 29th jan 2016
Delivered on 30th jan 2016
For other online sites it is impossible to deliver in this shortime in my delivery location
Thanks to flipkart.
Now about this phone
Looking good
Battery good
Camera quality good
Sound quality good
By toally i saying about this phone just awesome  


4 stars

 Nirav Pithadiya

 31 Jan 2016 
 
 Great phone  

 Really it's very nice....
Good things...
1)battery back up
2)finger print scaner
3)Touch is very smooth
4)Fast charging feature
5)starage capacity 
Average things
1)Multi tasking
2)Processor
( Sometimes it hang very rare if u use lots of things at a same time,its not issue its my wish about 3 gb of ram)
3)camera
 (if u compare it with moto x play so)  


4 stars
Himanshu Sheth

 31 Jan 2016 
 
 Good Hardware. Rough Update Roller Coaster Ride  

 Straight out of the box, The P1 cannot switch off Cell Broadcasts.
We need to update the firmware to get rid of this annoyance.
A few of the updates were a little annoying till we reach S152.  
Thereafter the device is very stable and smooth and works superbly and flawlessly 
An average light user should get upto 3 days of battery life from a single charge without using the powersaver. The medium user can average at least 2 days. 
Smooth performer. Negligible lagging in comparison to my K3 Note (True Octacore 1.7 GHz Mediatek) 
Good device for a professional user who is not likely to use it for resource hungry apps and games. 
Finger print reader works well. NFC Not used yet. Bluetooth and GSM radio and data performance is much better than my old Lenovo P780 and similar to the K3 Note.
Battery lasts at least 2-2.5 times the K3 Note which has a battery draining fast processor. 
The Rocket charger that does a full charge from Zero in less than 90 minutes is a boon. And unlike Motorola, the charger is included in the box. Dedicated power saver button too is a great help in case of a rare emergency.
Camera is good and fast but may not match the absolute quality of the flagships of other brands. 
Other functionality unique to Lenovo Vibe is superb and user centric. Top notch and thoughtful. 
Overall, highly recommended for those who know its strengths and weaknesses. 
Those comparing it to an IPhone or Samsung S6 or HTC M8 / M9 shall be disappointed. 
Learn to accept it for what it is and make the best of it's many, many, many positives. 


4 stars

 pradosh kumar...

 31 Jan 2016 
 
 2 SIM Slot Not Worjing  

 2nd SIM Slot Not Working.Tower is not Available.But SIM 1 Working.Can you tell help me.
Is there any settings or Problem in Mobile 


4 stars
Ashutosh

 30 Jan 2016 
 
 Worth giving a try.. Buy it!  

 It's heavy n the metal finish gives it a premium feel. The battery will survive at least 1.5 days in normal use. If you think the power saving button is a waste bcoz they r giving a 5k mAh battery then u r wrong. At times u will carelessly drain it & then it comes for the rescue! Well no WhatsApp & all possible in power saving mode & net will be off also. Cam is not bad, though the night vision disappointed me. How your selfie would be depends more on your face & the selfie app you use, front cam z good enough for that purpose. Brightness z not an issue as you can increase it up to full extent without compromising on battery life.With 2gb of ram its running smooth yet 3gb ram could have made a difference which you expect at this price range. No complain about screen resolution & display clarity. Overall if you don't have huge expectations from the camera & not aa hard gamer then this phone won't disappoint you in any way.. It's worth buying. One of the best at this price range. 


2 stars

 Pranchal Pranay

 30 Jan 2016 
 
 don't buy  

 fast chaging 
long lasting of battery
but
network problem
mobile data usage problem
rear camara is not good   




#############################PAGE-36#####################################
4 stars

 Pradeep V

 30 Jan 2016 
 
 Good Phone!  

 I have purchased Vibe P1 2 days ago from flipkart. 
Everything looks good except the signal capacity of the phone. Since I could listen the voice being break during the call.  
Battery is great and phone looks elegant. Many Options when compared to Samsung phone.  
Overall Good for the price.   


5 stars

 Arus Chandran

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 Good phone to own !  

 Good Phone. Fingerprint scanner works smooth. Some minor bugs present in Android Lollipop, that is common though. Battery after normal use is 24 hours. Camera is decent, sound is huge. Little slippery but the case you get free with the device will be fine for a good grip.Charges from 0-100% in almost 90 minutes. Heavy device compared to my K3 Note. 
Go ahead and buy it.... 


4 stars
Naga Kiran Kumar...

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Lenovo VIBE P1 is simply amazing
Superb battery life
Amazing features
Best part with this phone is, option to remove Lenovo UI and I am using Android Interface
Thanks for lenovo for giving this option.  
Seller is very genuine
Flipkart service is mind blowing 


5 stars

 Venkataramanan...

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 Fantastic phone  

 An excellent phone I would recommend for everyone. Massive battery back up, Excellent screen quality, awesome sound and perfect interface. It is really user friendly and the phone is really fast for multitasks.  
Great one day delivery by flipkart. 


4 stars

 Abhishek Kumar

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 phone is great  

 i am writing this after 4 or 5 days....this phone is good considering its specification. 
It gives 30 hour battery backup(after huge gaming,,music,,videos).
camera is not great but ok .
i feel a small lag but not the all times.
Music is loud ...fully satisfied..
Screen is not enough bright like moto x play or samsung j7..
Gaming is good ,,handle hd games easily.
just buy if you want great battery..music..ok type camera .. 


4 stars

 hiten Parmar

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 Great phone- value for money  

 writing this after 1 month use.
Its great product with great features with reasonable price.
Thanks to Flipkart for special offer on this
Phone is sturdy, and most important thing it's Battery
I am literally using phone for almost 2 days once charged.
Though Lenovo could have given 3 GB ram instead of 2 GB but no regrets for that considering price at which it is available
Value for money & Good service from flipkart 


4 stars

 Sudarshan Unni

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 Super Power Phone  

 In the digital Mobile age where battery is a big problem this phone is the answer added with rocket fast charging 32GB Internal Memory dual LTE Sim and expandable memory this is the best Mid range phone.Display is gud bt not that bright under Sunlight bt not a big deal. 
I did not find any heating or any lags even while playing heavy games.
This is the best phone within 15k range , go for it 


3 stars
ajay s

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 "GOOD , BUT COULD BE BETTER"  

 plus
the battery is great
nice metal finishing
loud and clear sound
secure zone feature
OTG feature which can charge other phones(OTG device is inbox)  
minus
average camera quality
finger print sensor works 8/10 times
notices reasonable lag while switching tasks
yet no update for android marshmellow
fingerprint sensor could have been put to better use, currently it is only used for unlocking the device. 


5 stars

 KM. Harivaradhan

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 My Fav Mobile Vibe P1  

 I'm using mobile last 10years in my past i have use many models phones, in the list The Best Mobile is Lenovo Vibe P1 only. very nice and Amazing Charging time with 2.30 hrs battery will get full and backup time is 20hrs coming. the cost is worth for this model and Fingerprint options also superb. the speed also very high.. 


5 stars
RAKESH MEENA

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 Great phone ,  

 fingerprint scanner is very good as compared to samsung. Instead of rubbing the whole finger in samsung in vibe just touch the scanner with finger and unlock the phone. 




#############################PAGE-37#####################################
4 stars
KRISHNA CHAHAR

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 Nice  

 Good product.. But some times Having Calling Disturbance...!! 
Pros- 
1- fingerprint sensor
2- 5000 mah battery
3- Smart features
4- 5.5 display
5- Worth price phone 
You can say a better mid range phone than any other. 
Cons- 
- Nothing much but sometimes Hanging problem
and UI home Lag issue.
- Sometime Disturbance is there While calling.  
But Over all Nice product 


5 stars
maniac

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 bang for the buck  

 camera is ordinary but rest is absolutely awesome!
charges to 60% in 30min, 90% in 60min... and lasts for days 


4 stars

 Rajesh Kondapalli

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 First Review  

 First of all thanks to flip kart for fast & safe delivery .About the product came with a good packing and phone look like a premium one its a little bit heavy due to mass battery i think its my first big screen phone (5.5) so i feels very large entering in to the phone its touch is excellent previous i used iPhone 4s this phone touch is equal to iPhone 4s
finger print access is OK it works 8 of 10 times to me i think its my problem it has a internal storage of 32gb which is more than enough of a any user the phone is very speed with the 2gb ram i think its enough for normal users camera is good for instants pics and i not checked video yet and about the battery is awesome with 5000mahs it will give 2 days of full charge its good and the quick charger is also good it charges just in 90 min of time its very good i will give 2nd review after using few months up to now i will give 4 star for this phone 


1 star
Dr anand Thakkar

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 Plzz read once..before buy  

 Ohh super duper third class phone finger scan not working after 3 month never buy lenovo phone lenovo its self worse company plzz this special message for company don't mad such a phone who make your credit down... Never buy this..: ( 


5 stars

 Kartikeya Chat...

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 Great Features at affordable Price  

 Coming straight to the topic 
If you are planning to buy a medium range phone upto 20,000
and are confused between
one plus x or Moto x play or even other phones in the similar price range 
I would recommend, please go for Lenovo Vibe P1 
You will not be dissapointed. 
+Pros
-Battery lasts upto 7 hours on very very heavy usage, lasts upto 1.5 day on casual usage, and can last upto 2 days if used only for calling. 
-Many features which cannot be mentioned here. The customers can actually customize the phone according to their needs. 
- Good camera i would say, for a daily user 
- Decent Performance. I personally feel, if you play games like Asphalt or San andreas, this device can play that. 
-Cons
No cons, just take care of the screen.  


5 stars

 Moiz Siddiqui

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 Fantastic work by Lenovo  

 I am quite impressed with the phone..it's been almost a week now using this phone. 
Rating of almost 5 in all departments except the battery.....i would give that a 10 star....superb :) 
Got it for 13.7k during the offer week....Lenovo has packaged this beast very well.
I guess it would top the chart for a mid range phone..... 
Thanks Flipkart and Lenovo. 


5 stars

 Diptargho Mitra

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 Worth Buying! BEAST  

 Too good. Excellent battery. UI is wonderful. INTERNAL memory is everlasting. A product you can rely on. Great job LENOVO. Thanks Flipkart for timely delivery. 


5 stars
mukesh leve

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 Bindaas.....awesome  

 Best phone....awesome. no doubt. Excellent battery backup. Thanks  


4 stars

 Apurba B??g

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 15k budget. Go for it.  

 1. Look is awesome
2. Finger print sensor working cool
3. Loud speaker better than any other.
4. Metal back cover.
I'll keep one star for not giving amoled screen. Other than recommend for all.  


5 stars
Shankar Patil

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 Super Phone  

 + Fantastic design & nice look
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Super great power house battery.
+ Can be used as a powerbank to other devices.
+ Speaker quality is excellent 




#############################PAGE-38#####################################
5 stars

 Hemant Singh K...

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 Great Phone with amazing battery Life  

 Best phone ever i can say the battery back up is great, user friendly and easy to use. This is very easy to operate the camera quality is excellent 13 MP back and 8 MP is front Camera is really awesome. as i can say what i needed for long battery life i get it in this. 


4 stars
AK

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 Value for money.... ALMOST  

 pros: battery back-up, build quality, supports NFC, capacitative buttons, good touch response and gorilla glass protection 
CONS: CAMERA- not so great as clicks from k3note and a6000 are better. Need optimizatin here. Fingerprint home button - works 6 out of 10 times and non customizable to lock apps or folders. 
with other phones offering 3gb of RAM around this price, this offers only 2gb ram. 


3 stars

 SAINATH KASAR

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 good  

 everything you want to search in mobile is too good but i dont know why after a month my device middle touch screen not responcing 


4 stars

 Vijay Mishra

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 Review for Lenovo vibe P1  

 Overall performance is excellent,look is very attractive.But VoLTE not enabled so useless for Jio 4G users... 


5 stars

 Loki

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 Just Awesome  

 Best of Battery back up n Over all good.
Little bit weight because of battery.
Camera Fineeee quality.
For Moderate usage Processor was good . 
Thank you 


4 stars
Asif

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 Cool service  

 I love this phone its just we can say that cheap and the best   


3 stars
Tanmay Jani

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1....good but not the best.  

 the overall performance of the phone is great...but the camera performance is low.
the speakers of the phone are very good.
the battery backup is excellent.
the fingerprint sensor works well except sometimes.(7-8/10 times)
the rocketcharging is very actually quick!!!  


5 stars
Jitender srivastava

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 amazing phone  

 first time i bought lenovo phone but after using 15 days,i feel this is a good phone with best specification.
pros - big screen, huge battery with turbo charging , 32 gb internal memory , 2 gb etc etc 
cons- little bit heavy, ram should be 3 gb , picture quality  
go for It best buy.... 


5 stars

 RAVI ROHILLA

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 nothing can beat it in this price segment  

 Pros (my likes) :- 
Battery 
screen
fingerprint
speed
looks
charging and battery
rear camera 
Cons;- 
Front camera is a bit shaky
Vibe UI sucks
No handsfree 


5 stars

 Naren

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 Good Mobile  

 The Mobile, of course is ultimately faster and Good to use. A must try one :-) Camera(Both) clarity is so good. 




#############################PAGE-39#####################################
5 stars

 raja Sekar

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 amazing handset  

 i bought one week before, really amazing. finger print scanner working so quickly. especially battery backup was so good. camera both front and back is to be improve. picture quality is average oly. overall worth to buy it for this price range. 


5 stars

 Karthik

 25 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1 a mid-range Premium Performer !!!  

 I bought this phone for 15k with an added cashback of Rs.1500. Battery backup is amazing, Fingerprint scanner works fine with 99% accuracy, The Full HD display is so vibrant. Sound clarity is so good and is also loud as well. Both the rear and front cam performs average which is quite enough for this price range. Rocket charging works great which charges the phone completely within 1.5 hrs. In terms of heating issue, it gets lightly heated near the ear piece on prolonged usage which is kind of normal.
Overall looks and feels like a premium smartphone with metal finish. At this price range just go for this phone, without having a 2nd thought. 


5 stars
Gourishankar Maha...

 25 Jan 2016 
 
 AWEOME.....  

 LOOKS IS VERY NICE....WORKING WELL.....BATTERY BACKUP IS FINE.....CALL QUALITY IS VERY CLEAR.......CAMERA WILL BE BETTER BUT MANAGEABLE.... OVERALL EXCELLENT.....FEEL GOOD TO HAVE A PHONE LIKE THIS......THANK TO FLIPKART..... VERY NICE SERVICE. 


4 stars

 Vijay

 25 Jan 2016 
 
 Nice Phone  

 Overall Nice Phone
Pros:
Good Battery backup
Excellent Display
Cons:
Heavy (but it can be considered as trade off to good battery life) 


5 stars

 Arvind V

 25 Jan 2016 
 
 Superb Phone  

 Excellent value for the money... I have had many comparisons before buying this mobile. I feel " Poora paisa vasool" after started using the same. 


4 stars

 ARUN VANIYA

 25 Jan 2016 
 
 Good Design  

 +Fast Delivery
+Fantastic design Looks like Gionee Marathon M3 
+Screen is excellent
+Performance good 
- No camera shutter sound disable option
- Camera performance average and no latest features like other budget phones that really disappointed
- Not waterproof  


4 stars

 Alex Mathew

 24 Jan 2016 
 
 Very good phone  

 Introduction: 
I had used the Lenovo Vibe P1m earlier. And I loved the battery backup in it. So I decided to go for the premium model of this series. 
1) Look and feel:  
I opted for the grey color rather than the silver one because I felt the silver was too common now. With the back covered in metal, the phone looks really good, much like a premium model. 
The phone is big and heavy. And also a bit slippery. It is not very comfortable for one handed use. 
2) Battery: 
I used the accompanied charger. With the screen off, it charged the 4900 mAh quickly (less than 1.5 hours from 20% to 100%). I think any charger with 2A output should be sufficient for quick charging. During quick charging, two lightning symbols can be seen on the battery status. 
I keep the screen turned on all the time, with either Wifi or Mobile Data also turned on. It easily lasts me the entire day with heavy usage (no gaming). At the end of the day, the battery was around 30%. 
One time, the phone got really hot while charging. I stopped charging it for 5 minutes, and when I tried it again, the heat went down. 
3) Fingerprint sensor: 
Works well. But for now, can be used only for unlocking the phone instead of entering the PIN. Hopefully, new apps will be released utilizing this feature. 
4) Sound: 
Sound is clear and very loud. I love it. But the speakers aren't stereo. Only one of the grills contains the speaker. But this is not a big deal. 
5) Software: 
This has way more features than the P1m like customizing notification icons, Secure Zone management, internet usage per app, background app management etc. 
2 GB RAM is sufficient for my use. And I don't feel any lag, even with Nova Launcher. 
6) Connectivity: 
This has Wifi ac, and an option to boost wireless signals if it's slow. 
Only SIM slot one is 4G. Slot two is 2G. I believe Flipkart has made a mistake in the listing. I am disappointed with this as I needed both my SIMs to be 4G. I can't keep changing my SIMs from slot to slot when I need a faster connection depending on my location. Even the P1m had this option. 
EDIT: 4G will work only on either one of the slots, not both at the same time. In Settings -> SIM management, change data connection to the second SIM and you get 4G in that. It wasn't so complicated in the P1m. 
I also use a 32 GB microSD card with this. No lags in accessing content. 
Conclusion: 
A good, premium-looking phone for those with heavy usage. But lacks satisfying SIM connectivity. 


5 stars
Subhra Prakash Ch...

 24 Jan 2016 
 
 A great phone under 20k  

 Pros...
Great Looking and lovely design
Dual 4G
Huge Battery
Fingerprnt sensor
Rocket charging(Just mindblowing)
Good camera
Enough internal storage
Cons...
2 GB RAM(3 GB expected in this price range)
Fingerprint sensor(It works only for unlock device)
Processor(snapdragon 808 shold better) 
Conclusion'.....
Buy this phone.....Enjoy Vibe UI   


3 stars

 vamsik idupula...

 24 Jan 2016 
 
 battery chaarge was not as epected  

 guys every thing is ok in vibe p1 but charge is not as expected i wont play games even...only on 3g net mode in mid city with 100% full charge at 11am and battery gone to 40 % at 6pm, charge with out any other usage and in standby mode at morning 7am i got 20%charge....any budy help in this case...as i purchased mobile 2days back only 


5 stars

 Rajendran

 23 Jan 2016 
 
 Good Phone  

 Good Phone, Flip kart delivery was amazing,Trusted
Good one from Lenovo. Its second time I am using lenovo phone. My family always using lenovo smart phones  




#############################PAGE-40#####################################
3 stars

 Nikitasha Umre

 23 Jan 2016 
 
 Good but a little questionable.  

 As I said,i would update the review in a few days. It was like my revisiting the reviw was bound to happen and yes it is showing its true colours now. Consider this- everything is good about the phone but then if those 'good' functions do not work well what use are they. My mobile data stopped working. I wasted one whole day thinking that the problem was with my service provider. I called idea, did several configuration settings n it didn't work. Then i put my sim card in my old phone and it was working! Then some other tests,i activated internet sharing on my vibe p1 and accessed net in my laptop...yes it was working...then to access net in my own phone I connected it to WiFi and it worked too! The problem was weird.It was only with my data connection.I consulted Flipkart and I am going to get assistance by asking for it.One thing I did not like about their service is that if you report a problem via the option 'problem with received product' asking for some assistance, they send you emails and texts containing the message that 'your return request has been sent' and the procedure to return.I had to send another e-mail telling them that I did not want yo return but know the problem and needs assistance with the product. However this glitch is very suspicious and so unlikely to happen in a new product..its barely 20 days since I bought it. I have just ten days remaining to return this product. I will have to see if there is any rational explanation for this glitch or I am returning it right away! 
 OLDER REVIEW:
I got the phone on 16th. I was very apprehensive as this is the first time I have made a major electronic purchase online besides earphones especially when it had a replacement and not a return warranty. It has heating issues in the beginning so much that on the second day during midnight it became very warm and no,it wasn't connected to the charger.I had been following the reviews of this phone everyday and despite my doubts bought it for its great amount of internal memory for its price and the fingerprint lock.Its functionality,however, is limited to opening just the screen lock.The fingerprint worked very well in the beginning but since the last two days I had been facing problems.It just does not verify after putting the finger once.You have to be a little careful and make that a habit. Be very gentle while placing your finger.One drawback of the fingerprint function is that the phone unlocks even when you accidentally place your finger on the trackpad even for a microsecond.Sometimes you don't even understand how it opened.Its suspicious.Now I am thinking of testing it by placing someone else's finger on it. But used with a lil care,it still is a handy feature.Also it should have had an option of disabling the pattern. Why must the pattern and fingerprint show up simultaneously.The pattern grid is irritating when it can open with your fingerprint.But I use it when fingerprint does not work.So that might explain it.That might have been tackled,had the fingerprint been flawless. The advertisement of this phone shows battery backup as the USP of this phone.However,even after system upgrade,the battery worked like a normal new phone.Totally mundane and nothing phenomenal as promised in its features. But in the days following, it improved mysteriously without any upgrades. So might I conclude that the phone's performance improves with usage? I have not been making much calls but the call quality is not good. I had to repeat what i was saying and had made people repeat what they were saying.To confirm whether this is the device's fault, i will have to make more calls and check.And if this is the devuce's fault, i would have thiughts if getting it replaced since making calls is the primary function of any phone. Other features of the phone are superb.Accessibility,browsing speed are fantastic. I am still taking my time to explore this phone.Value for money is good! Might update the review later.Looks and feel is premium. This quality was unexpected for 16k.  


4 stars

 Ajit Dembla

 23 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1a42  

 This is a brilliant product.  
Best in class battery life / Amazing feature of using the OTG device to permit charging other devices as well as use the same feature to read/write to flash drives. 
There is however a bug in the product. On setting the data browsing monitoring limit, the phone internally firewalled browsing completely. I tried resetting the said limits and also stopped using the feature - but the device internet mobile remained SWITCHED OFF. 
Hence i had to replace the device with another one. 
So those of you have similar problem - please note the above and do what you may - once you set a limit - the browsing will stop and you wont be able to browse thanks to the internal bug. Hope Lenovo team gets to read this and resolve this problem 


5 stars

 Ramkrishnan R

 22 Jan 2016 
 
 The phone that meets extraordinary  

 this is damn super mobile.. having all the best qualification of the 15K ranges mobiles..On 21 i received it that i ordered on 20th jan very fast service by flipkart and WS retail ..thankq very much .. the only thing is camera works lyk 8MP ..but thats too super dont comapre it with samsung S6(35+K) or iphone 6+(50+K) phones ....2GB RAM is quite enough for the "no lag" process 


5 stars
Jacob

 21 Jan 2016 
 
 Good and classic phone  

 Good phone. Battery back up is very good. Love to see much of its feature work well 


5 stars
Vikram Parmar

 21 Jan 2016 
 
 Very Good SmartPhone  

 I have been using it since last 14 days. and its the very good phone in all aspect, total value of money. 


1 star

 Piyush Nakarani

 21 Jan 2016 
 
 Damn Slow Device.  

 Not working fine, Hanging a lot, it's takes hour to open contact list.. This Mobile has 2GB so called RAM , N 4900 mah battery . A big LOL . Worst product. 


4 stars

 Sanjay Dalvi

 21 Jan 2016 
 
 Excellent performance.  

 Performance is good but power consumption is high. My previous phone Lenovo P780 was having better battery backup than this one;when both have 4000mAH battery. 


5 stars

 Aby Kuriakose

 20 Jan 2016 
 
 Really Great moment with Lenovo VIBE P1  

 As everybody knows, 4900 MAH battery is the highlight of this phone. Although its a massive figure of mah, the rocket charger does its work way better than any other fast chargers. The battery will be fully charged within 90 minutes as Lenovo's promise. 
Procs: 
1. Battery : 4900 mah
2. Finger print sensor
3. NFC
4. Can be used as a Power bank to charge other devices with lesser than 4900 mah battery!!
5: I have connected by 2TB Segate Slim external hard disk and watched a full movie without any issues.. 
 Cons:
1. Camera could have been better
2. RAM is only 2 GB ( But the heart is Qualcomm Snapdragon 615)
3. Bit heavy than other lenovo series. 
Overall very good phone in this price range. Go for this....you will be happy..  
Note: Enable power saver mode under Settings>Power Manager for better battery backup.
Also enable super power saving mode when you are not using the device for a long time like , when you sleep :).  


3 stars

 Dibbendu Dutta

 20 Jan 2016 
 
 Overall good but not very impressive  

 Well the phone is great for long time tusker .
More than that is :-
1 battery is 5000 mah is sufficient for a 1.5 days medium tusker. Day long for heavy .
So battery is ***** mark..
2. Display is good enough to eye escort for long more than ever I have used other handsets of top branded mobile and deserve a **** and a 1/2 *
3. After a month use sometimes phone hangs and little time lagi because of insufficient 2 gb of ram and deserve a ** mark for that.
4. Camera 13 mp and 5 mp is very classic and deserve a minimum **** mark at its class even low light capture.
5 others features like finger print sensor is deserve also ****
6. User Interface is best in class and deserve a ***** rating .
That's all folks dears.. 
Overall great phone for very long tusker.
Thanks 


5 stars

 chikoo

 19 Jan 2016 
 
 xcellent phone  

 best of the best features ...beats iphone6 in many features like finger scanner and instant photo by a click without need to open camera ... 
but all the security features and any phone once stolen by a pickpocketer is hard to find back ;((((
lost this beauty in mumbai locals becarefull to pickpockrrs :(
else best phone till date 




#############################PAGE-41#####################################
4 stars
Chander Sharma

 19 Jan 2016 
 
 Tremendous looks  

 But this mobile has missed some applications like inbuilt mail app, security app, music app and something in written on back panel which different from flipkart shows the pics of mobile.
Overall performance is good and it is adjustable. 


5 stars

 Dr. Rajan

 19 Jan 2016 
 
 Glad to select this phone  

 This is a very versatile mobile phone, I ever purchase. I have even iPhone, but Lenovo VIBE P1 has more features and options. 


4 stars

 Upasana

 19 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome battery back up  

 Bought this phone from flipkart in January 2016.I don't understand configuration much just selected this phone on the basis of reviews by flipkart buyers.I was previously using Lumia,so battery was a issue for me.Fortunately this phone's battery back up has stunned me.Nice phone,handy,easy to use.Camera is not as good as Lumia but decent.Overall a decent phone in this budget.Has a bit of heating issues though after long time game playing but that can be ignored.  


5 stars

 Avinash Kulkarni

 19 Jan 2016 
 
 Best Phone With Good Battery Backup  

 Lenovo introduced a Very good Phone. I am Using continuously from last 5 days. Faster Shipping by WS Retail seller & Flipkart. Thanks For That.
follwing are some Pros & Cons-
Pros-
1.Good Battery Back-up.
2.Good Touch.
3.Brightness is lower than other phone But you when on super brightness(Not Necessary) in setting it will shine superb.
4.Sound of Loudspeaker is larger.
5.Some Reviews is about Bad Camera but believe the both front & rear camera are working Nice. Recording quality is also superb.
6.Battery Charger is super-fast....compaered any others. 
Cons-
1.Weight of the Mobile is slightly higher.(Due to its Battery)
2.Battery is non-removable, hence in malfunction u always depend on service center. 
Best in Price....Just Go for it. 


3 stars

 Kantharaj Subb...

 18 Jan 2016 
 
 Good  

 Its good phone to me, working fast, but the phone getting very heat some times when using multiple applications. 


5 stars

 sayan ghosh

 18 Jan 2016 
 
 Best product  

 awesome Phone..!!! big battery, big sound, big screen, camera is good and also front camera.. ibest phone ever :) please friends buy this phone ..!!! lenovo is the best :) flipkart is the best online site..!!! delivered this phone by one day.!!! i am fully satisfied to buy this phone.!!! Thanks to lenovo made this phone and thanks to flipkart to delivered this phone by one day :* 


4 stars

 NarulSiddik SH...

 18 Jan 2016 
 
 Nice phone more than value for money at this price  

 I am writing this review after almost 2 weeks of my usage;
Some of the best feature I liked
- Awesome Battery, and awesome fast charging; I am continuous on wifi/3g, dont play games but on social media, average calling, my battery last for more than a day. I noticed the difference when I went out to tour and used google maps extensively earlier my MotoG used to cry for low battery during my end of day return and this one still showed 33% remaining.
- Even more you have a button to extend your battery life stopping all unnecessary application when you are end of your battery and expect it to behave as normal calling phone till you charge
- No Lag, atleast till now however I dont burden normally with unnecessary apps
- Most preloaded apps can be uninstalled if you dont like;
- Display OK but adaptive brightness not so smart like MotoG 
Something which probably required attention
- Sometime it becomes hot while talking long which for me most phone have this problem
- When I played one game for some time it was heating up as well
- Camera is OK (not that bad as some people said) but I normally dont see phone as replacement for camera so its fine.
- Finger print sensor is OK; dont detect my finger most of the time dont know problem with phone or my finger prints 


5 stars

 Vasim

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome Product  

 Really very satisfied with the product. 
Posting this review after 15 days of usage. 
Everything is positive about this purchase
1) Buyback
2) Huge battery backup
3) no heating issues
4) smooth touch
5) good camera
6) 4G compatibility
and lot more......... 
This was really best deal of mine. 


5 stars

 varun sachdev

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 beast  

 Bought this product recently . got delivered before estimated time . this phone is itself a power bank . full charged it and now its been one and a half day battery is still 68% . amazing ...rest all things are good .. 


5 stars

 Vilas sirsat

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 Mammoth battery  

 Awesome phone.mammoth battery.slow draining battery .nfc, fingerprint scan,battery save button is benchmark of this phone   




#############################PAGE-42#####################################
4 stars
smart phone user

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 awesome phone  

 phone is good .fast charging bad camera preform at night time heating issue.due to snap dragon 615. no network drop. software bug many 


5 stars

 Deen

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 Value for money.  

 So far so good, value for every penny , full of features , superb hardware , one of the best smartphone in price segement, excellent service by Flipkart. 


4 stars

 Suresh Chilamk...

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome phone but its vibe ui  

 Awesome mobile stunning look's battery is very good and it have finger print sensor also but the only draw back is it has vibe user interface (which is ranked as the worst u.I in the world (in Android*)) 


5 stars
Pleased Angela :)

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 U have to buy this..  

 Thnks to Flipkart i gt da phn da vry nxt day i plcd my order..n my oh my..its a real beauty n ofcourse da functionalities are wndrful..hangs fo a secnd or so smtimz bt yes it is worth worth worth da money..five stars n an addtnl postv review from my side...go fo it guys. 


4 stars

 Vijay Agrawal

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome phone !!  

 Excellent battery backup, ordered phone and got delivery before date. battery charge once full and use for entire day. security in [hone is quite well and apps run smoothly. 
And the top feature is camera which is great. 


5 stars

 Saquib Ahmd

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome Battery Backup  

 This phone is really superb if we talk about battery backup . I used around 2 days without charging my phone and its still has 12 % battery remaining . Only concern with its weight . its feel heavy . But overall very nice phone with rocket charging 


5 stars
Kiran Kumar

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 P1 for u  

 Vibe p1 is good phone, it has got awesome features. I'm using it from last one and half month, its finger print is fast n more secure. Its ultra charging option makes phone to charge full within 40mins. Front camera is good but back camera is average. No hybrid sim option so u can use two sims at a time n memory card also. Battery back up is super. So it has got more features in this price list u can go for it. 


5 stars

 Dr Prasad Dong...

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 THE BEST mobile in this price renge  

 Earlier i have used sony xperia M4 aqua dual.Due to shaky performance ,i have sold it within 6 months of purchace after ordering VIBE P1.
Before writing this review,I am using Vibe P1 from last 10 days with great pleasure on my this perticular purchase. 
My first impression about this mobile is ,This is best mobile for given price range.Display is good,Os gives you a steady performance for moderate to heavy use. I use my home Wi-Fi 24x7 with 3G on & off in between.Still battery last for whole day without any fuss.... (I am a Very heavy user of net).
No hanging issues what so ever till date.I installed Zen UI launcher on this, which is working extremely well.
Mobile is just little heavy ( Weight is just little more compaired to others ) to pocket due to huge battery, but worth for it's aplomb battery performance.
This is best all rounder mobile, i have used till date.....
I will keep updating my review time to time, but at present THANKS TO LENOVO & FLIPKART for bringing such a nice product ....!!!!! 


5 stars

 Rohan Gupte

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 Simply Awesome  

 1) Flipkart Delivery as committed.
2) Battery Backup atleast 2 days with mobile data continuously ON and still continues.
3) Rocker charger is really great.
4) Mobile speaker has truly good effect.
5)Camera good but can be a bit sharper. But that can definitely neglected. 
Overall just awesome. 


5 stars

 Niladri Dey

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 Should Be the New Flagship  

 I'm using this device for last 1 month as my primary device and reaches all my expectations. Power, UI, speed is very satisfactory and almost no heat-up issues. 
Best Buy.  
UI : Custom but Reversible. Very Responsive  
Home button : Physical with Hepatic feedback and finger print recognition. The finger print recognition function is very responsive. Can storage up to two finger prints.  
Task Manager and back button: Not physical but with back-light.  
Speaker: Single speaker bottom of the phone. Dual frame but only one frame is the output of the speaker. High volume but mid quality audio. Little scope for Dolby digital.  
Additional Button: Power saver mode to convert the phone into basic functionality mode. With 100% charge can last up to 5 Days in power saver mode.  
Charger: Turbo Charger included in the package. Takes 1:20 Hrs for 0 to 100% for 5000 mAH 
Camera: Good quality for low light, artificial light and natural light. But without digital image stabilizer. Overall perfect. Tap to focus.  
NFC enabled.  
Highlights: The battery backup. 




#############################PAGE-43#####################################
5 stars

 Vikash Yadav

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome smartphone  

 just received from flipkart and used it for two days 
 1 Battery: its huge and drains slowly(very slowly)
 2 Charger : This device will charge from 15 to 100% in just an hour, i was shocked to see that myself
 3 Fingerprint scanner: it does its job perfectly. Every time i touch it, it unlocks very fast and it is very accurate. It has options of scanning two fingers
 4 Camera: i find it descent at this price. There is a bit of problem in low lighting conditions without flash. Also you need to hold it steady. *****Nice thing is that shutter speed is awesome.
 5 Design: It looks very nice from every angle. All the buttons like volume,power are placed nicely. It looks like a premium phone.
 6 Speaker: I am impressed by these and they are pretty loud ,,louder than most of them. and quality is also good.
 7 UI :: I find vibeUI very good and there are a lot of customization options.
 8 No lagging whatsoever
 9 Screen quality is also good. it's not that dim as people say.
 10 Not that heavy. you will get used to easily
 11 No heating at all : heating while charging is very much less. its even unnoticable
 12 Full metal body awesome looks 
I was confused before buying this but it is awesome at this price level.
Last advise JUST GO FOR IT.  


5 stars

 Maruthathmaja...

 15 Jan 2016 
 
 Excellent phone in this price range!!  

 Writing this review after 3 days of usage(shall update after a month, when the initial excitement levels off :)....). A very good phone for this price range. Bought this phone after comparing a few other phones in this segment and I'm glad I made the right choice. If you're looking for a phone in the 10k - 20k budget, you should seriously consider buying this.
Pros:
1. Battery: They were not kidding when they said super fast charging(100% charge in less than 1 hour!!!!). Battery life is awesome, lasted me a good 1.5 days with almost 12 hours of active screen time, with moderate gaming, Wi-Fi on constantly and heavy browsing and YouTube usage. 10/10
(Tip: it is considered a good idea to not let your phone battery slip below 20% and not always charge to 100%... Definitely helps to extend battery life).
2. Display: Excellent display. You'll have to tweak it to your liking with customisation options provided. The default brightness and settings are not that good. 9/10
3. Performance, hardware and UI: zero lag, the 2Gb RAM is more than sufficient to ensure a really smooth functioning, even when you're multitasking. There is an option to switch between Android and Vibe UI, so you can choose what works for you. There are so many good and useful features to make your experience with this phone a better one, like the smart scene, background App control etc, all you need to do is to take some time to explore. 9/10
4. Storage: 32 GB of storage with expansion upto 128GB via SD card. 22 GB available for user after OS and preinstalled apps.bloatware can be uninstalled. Apps can be moved to SD card. There is a trash cleaner to clean up junk files and free up space. 10/10
5. Design: decent looking design. The keys on the side are slightly inaccessible when you put on the back cover/case. Single handed use slightly tough, considering the size of the phone. It is not as heavy as people would like you to believe, in spite of the large battery. 8/10
6. Network and call quality: Very good, no complaints whatsoever. Call quality is in fact outstanding. 10/10
7. Other good features: the speaker is really really loud and clear, sound reproduction good for music and movies. Headphones output is pretty good too (get your own headset, not provided in the box). OTG is good with the adapter provided. Fingerprint sensor is good but limited functionality, restricted to just unlocking the phone. 
Cons:
The only one serious disappointment "for me" with this phone is the camera. I don't expect a DSLR but it definitely could have been better. The pics and videos are decent in good light conditions. Indoor pics with flash are just decent but not good. 6/10 
Overall: worth the money spent. If you're looking for a good business phone with a great battery backup, then this definitely is right up there. If the camera is your primary criteria(I wonder why though...!!) then look elsewhere. 
Flipkart service and delivery as always very good. Keep it up guys.  


5 stars
Aravind Namboothiri

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 Excellent Product  

 The phone is really good. What really impressed me is the combination of quick charge 2.0 and a 5000 mAh battery. There are a lot of good features (like the fingerprint scanner) too. Good display and configuration. Doesn't lag at all. 
The only problem I found is the heating of phone while charging. 


5 stars
Abhi Jain

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome Battery Backup, Go for It  

 Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..Need some time to get used to UI. The Sound is very loud and clear.
No lagging at all. Finger print reader working well. Screen clarity is also good. 
Overall its A Good deal. Value for money.  


5 stars

 SURESH RAMACHA...

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 lenovo vibe p1  

 very good mobie phone experience, exact delivery by flipkart. battery back very very good.
sound effects good. 


5 stars

 Prajna Samant

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 Good Phone with 2days battery backup  

 Now, I have to recharge my phone once in every 2days. And this review is after using it for one month, and 2days if you have 24*7 net on and moderate to heavy usage through out the day. 
Other features are also nice, and have infact all the features that you find in one plus two. 2gb Ram does a decent job. 


5 stars
Lalit Khillare

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 Good Mobile in Small Budget,  

 I have Gifted this phone and current user gave me feedback of this mobile, and phone is performing beyond the expectation, 
1) It has excellent battery backup.
2) Decent look.
3) Phone call quality is superb
4) No Lags/Heat
5) Fast charging facility really effective, & useful when you are hurry and no time to charge cell.
6) Unique feature of Power saving (Its turn Smartphone to Simple phone) to keep you connected which is most important.
7) Excellent screen, very satisfy.
8) External Audio/Video also good as required.
9) Lenovo GUI also good and simple.
10) camera is good, Note: this is not DSLR this is mobile camera. don't expect more. but best for basic functions which is available in most of expensive mobile too. 
If you have Traveler/ Business person who need to attend may calls and basis internet user over WIFI / Mobile Net this is BEST. 
this is my personal views till the date. 


5 stars
jebanesh

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 nice one  

 i got it from flipkart and time of delivery also good as well as packing.
1.battery backup is awesome solid 2 to 3 days 
2.no hanging simply worth for money. 


4 stars

 sharmila banik

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 definitely best in the range!!!  

 using it for almost two months...battery, touch and speed are awesome...
Four stars....one reduced for the camera :( its not for camera lovers.... 


5 stars

 Pankajbhai Joshi

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1  

 This phone is worth the value. It does not become heat after long use etc. as claimed by others.
The features like POWER SAVING MODE, NFC, finger-print scanner, Quick snap, knock to light, Micro screen, smart scene, wide touch, flip to sleep, permission control secure zone are fantastic.
Cons: Lenovo launcher is not better than default android launcher. 




#############################PAGE-44#####################################
4 stars
Rajiv ohri

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo  

 Excellent phone no problem at all. Battery backup is very gud. 


5 stars
Mayur sehgal

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 GREAT PRODUCT  

 AT THIS RANGE THIS IS BEST DEAL I AM USING FROM PAST TWO MONTH AND ITS WORKING SUPERB. THE CAMERA IS GREAT THE CHARGE TIME IS TOO LESS AND GREAT BATTERY BACKUP 


5 stars
Arindam Aich

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 Heavy on hand also heavy on each and every aspect  

 After Nokia Lumia experiencing the first android version. UI is cool and for 15K budget the features offered are great.
Go for it. 


5 stars

 J Ansari

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 Buy it for its massive battery size  

 Have been using this phone for more than 2 months now. 
Largely satisfied with the overall performance with battery size/life being the most striking feature. 
Lenovo has already provided multiple system updates during the past couple of months which has further improved performance. 
Among the cons - 1) Weight is a bit on the higher side and 2) the screen appears a bit dull / washed out (especially when you compare it with an Samsung AMOLED display). 
Overall it is a good package at this price point. 


4 stars

 Vasanth Kumar

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 Not a great mobile, but ok  

 This mobile gets heated up once you on for charging, and it's heavier than any mobile in the world. Good features are wide screen, Good camera Quality and the good processing speed. 


5 stars
SAMEER PALAN

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 Just buy ....  

 Superb phone....
Worth buying it...it has even screen mirror...now even Gujarati font after upgrade...
No heating issue till date..
Battery superb..
WiFi direct not working properly
Bad point is camera..not upto mark with 13 mega pixel
Sound superb...
Lots of inbuilt features... 
Worth buying in 16000
But now I wanna in gold colour
Guys...go for it 


5 stars
Saravanan

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome to buy  
  
I am a kind who is longing to buy a mobile on own savings. And to that I bought it .it was awesome. Every features are outstanding. If u want to buy any mobile for 15k go for it 
Satisfied to the core 


5 stars

 Quazi Jahirul...

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 ONE WORD ABOUT LENOVO VIBE P1  

 VERY NICE BATTERY BACK UP, FINGER PRINT CENSOR WORKING VERY PERFECTLY, LOOK ALSO VERY NICE, NO HEATING ISSUE OBSERVED, SPEED IS VERY NICE . 
OVER ALL A GOOD AND PROFITABLE BUY.
AND VERY NICE HAND SET. 


5 stars

 Ramanavarapu P...

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo just killed the competition  

 Got this phone after using the Oneplus for almost an year. However good your phone, if it keeps dying on you by the afternoon, you are not going to enjoy it much. So this time I got the Vibe P1 and boy did it not disappoint! 
Firstly, the phone looks and feels really good. The full metal body has a very premium feel to it and I did not find it heavy despite the big battery. It performed well with all my regular apps and call quality was really good. I dont game, so never noticed any lag..The battery charges very fast (about an hour and half for a full charge) and lasts really long. I use the phone constantly through out the day and it still last me a day and a half.  
Lenovo also throws in a decent phone cover, a screen guard and an otg adapter. Very nice of them. I've used a dozen phones till date including the Iphone and Oneplus. Have to admit this is the first time I feel I'm getting more than my moneys worth!!  
Go for it. 


5 stars

 RAHUL RAJ

 12 Jan 2016 
 
 Great phone, Best value for money  

 Received High Quality Product as Advertised, Did not receive the handset(headphones) though. Very nice to phone with such great configuration and best value for money.  




#############################PAGE-45#####################################
3 stars

 Pagadala Kumar

 12 Jan 2016 
 
 battery issue  

 when i started using this mobile..i felt awesome using this mobile...but i am getting problem with battery..mobile is shutting down automatically when it reaches to 20 percentage...i am the only one who is facing this issue or any body here facing this same problem....i still have this problem after i did hard reset...help me guys...is there any solution for this problem.... 


5 stars

 Jagat Singh

 12 Jan 2016 
 
 Best For Daily Uses  

 I just use this phone form last two days. battery is awesome. fingerprint sensor is great. average camera. no lagg. I am totally satisfied. 


5 stars

 Manish Kapadia

 12 Jan 2016 
 
 Best value for money  

 I had narrowed down my choice on One plus 2, Samsung A8 and Lenevo vibe p1 but after careful analysis of features, cost and value for money, I bought Lenevo vibe p1. 


5 stars
AJAY RANA

 12 Jan 2016 
 
 Review Lenovo Vibe P1  

 awesome phone with following features: 
Faster Processor 
Long battery life
user friendly
fine touch
big screen
High Definition Resolution 


5 stars
Ayan Sen

 12 Jan 2016 
 
 Good big Android phone from Lenovo.  

 This phone has a nice bright full HD display, loud sound, and long lasting battery backup. I have used this phone for the last 1 month and I am ever much satisfied with it's performance. The vibe user interference is very easy and fun to use. The main USP of this device is that it charges pretty fast with the provided Lenovo charger only. Other chargers will only charge the device with normal speed. Finger print sensor also works efficiently. The only con I found is that Lenovo should have provided dual speaker to have a stereo effect and headphones with microphone. There is no headphone with the phone in the package.   


5 stars
Ajaykumar hiremath

 11 Jan 2016 
 
 It's a top smartphone in d range of 16k  

 It's a superb n killer smartphone in range 16k u can't compare from any other smartphone in this range it had 5000mah u ll 2days battery backup 


5 stars

 Imran Khan

 11 Jan 2016 
 
 Amazing phone  

 Hi,
Its an amazing phone,with great battery backup,last for more than 2 days,& gets charge in less than 1 hour. great looks , the camera is great , comes with many features, great display size & clarity...worth buying 


4 stars

 Abbas A

 11 Jan 2016 
 
 Overall Good.  

 What is amazing?
Finger Print scanner
Battery Performance. 
Pros
Best features for 14.5 k 
Cons
Weight of the device. Putting a safety panel make very heavy. 


5 stars

 Jhumur Roy cho...

 11 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 good phone, excellent battery, superfine touch and nice configuration, overall a good buy. the phone's sound is also nice. if you want a phone with long lasting battery then this is it 


5 stars

 Hari Krishnan

 11 Jan 2016 
 
 Day 1 review  

 Awesome product. 
Screen clarity is good, sound make me to say Wow!!, nice package overall.
Fast charging works. (Charged from 20-100% in an hour)
Fingerprint security is also good. 
First impression is good from my side. 




#############################PAGE-46#####################################
5 stars
Lino Thomas

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 Excellent....!!!!!  

 Excellent phone. 
Pros.
1) Excellent Battery life
2) Fingerprint Sensor
3) Speaker are really loud
4) Comparatively No heating issues after 4 updates
5) Not too bulky but its on the heavier side, usable
6) Nice build look 
Cons.
1) Camera is not excellent in low lighting, above average. but in good lighting condtions it is good. 
Gujarati font was not supported when i received the phone but later after updating the phone it is now supporting (font as well as keyboard)
Rest all is good till now.. as i have used it extensively for 24 hours....this phone is flawless   


4 stars

 Nitin Dubey

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 Initial impressions are good.  

 This is a good phone. Camera is neither good nor worst. Huge battery life. Don't worry about screen brightness, its more than enough. Sun light visibility is good. Speakers are awesome: very loud and crisp. Finger Print scanner doesnt always work, sometimes you have to press 6-7 times before your finger impression is accepted but thats okay.UI is good. It has got android app drawer. Doesnt heat while using, slightly hot during charging but thats minimal. You can go for this phone if camera is not your top most priority. 


4 stars

 Selvamurugan N.

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Pros
Phone appearance is good.
Battery Amazing (lasting for 4 to 5 days)
Worth for the money.
Android 5.1 OS - No hang No Heat 
Cons
Speaker is ok
SIM & Network slot is very hard to open.
Back cover provided free is slippy.  


5 stars
Jay Udeshi

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 Beast in its class  

 This phone is a beast. It's got so many powerful features to blow your mind. 
Pros
1. Long battery life. Trust me it lasts really long even with heavy usage.
2. Rocket charge. Battery 20 to 100% in 1.5 hrs.
3. Good looking
4. Finger print works very well
5. Rear camera does a good job. 
Cons
1. Slightly heavy
2. Gets heated up while charging. This is OK as it has a 5000mAh battery and gets charged at rocket speed.
3. Front camera is below average. 
If you're looking for a premium phone in this price range without much camera usage then this is the phone to buy. 
Go for it guys, you won't regret. 


4 stars

 Teena Ashar

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 Value for money forsure  

 I purchased this mobile phone early Dec'2015 from Flipkart. 
About Flipkart & its delivery:
+ On-time delivery
+ Well packaged & all necessary accessories as mentioned were well covered 
+ No follow-up was required. It was a seamless & quick experience
- Just that the screen guard cover given with mobile was of poor quality, it did not last even for 1 day. 
About my Lenovo Vibe P1:
+ Awesome design 
+ Important to install all the updates before using the phone, this will help resolve majority of the issues like phone getting heated while charging etc..
+ Battery life is unbeatable. 
~ Camera - Average 
- Slightly bulky - Though I am not found of lighter phones, its fine in my case. Not that heavy but comparatively its bulkier.
+ Rocket charging - Gets charged real fast
+ Loudspeaker - Awesome
- Simcard & MicroSD slot - The placement of this slots and especially putting the respective cards is difficult and needs to be done very carefully. 
To summarize, after a thorough survey of 15 days and checking out all the reviews, i found this phone very useful and definitely a good buy at this price range. 
Hope it helps. 


5 stars

 Vaibhav Dhotre

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 Completely A business Phone. Very very nice phone  

 This phone is a very very nice phone. I like it so much. This is a purely a business phone with good battery backup, Full Usability and Nice design look this is the worth for price. And thanks to flipkart for delivery one day before in the chennai flood problem period. 
For detailed review see following information, 
No other phone can challenge to this phone with respect to : 
1) Speakers : Very Loud and crystal clear with bass 
2) Memory & Storage : Good RAM Management (From Lollipop Latest Version) and Huge Internal Storage (Upto 32 GB) and also supports FAT32 Format External Storage (Like Pen Drive or External HDD) 
3) Battery And Charging : Very Huge battery long lasts upto 2 days for Non Internet use and Non Gamers and for heavy users like Games / Movie / Continious Wi-Fi or Data Internet it lives upto 22-24 Hours. And its charging time is 1Hr15min (Fast Mode) for Full Charge. 
4) Screen : Very very nice touch and good screen which appears under sunlight also. 
5) Fingerprint Scanner : Very nice fingerprint scanner unlocks phone within a second it works without turning on Screen Light by pressing button. Simply put registered finger and release no need to click or press button. 
6) LED Flash : Very nice Flash in night. It never dazzle eyes when LED flashes and clicks photos in dark light like sun light 
7) Usability of Phone :
 i) Charging to other Phone with adapter
 ii) Slide to power save (Physical Button)
 iii) Double Tap on screen to wake up phone. (Need to activate from setting manually)
 iv) Double tap to volume buttons to click photo silently in sleep mode. (Need to activate from setting manually) 
8) Software Support : It supports Marshmallow (Android 6) officially on June/July 2016 
*************************************************
Some Inconvenience faced by me : 
1) App for Fingerprint Scanner : It should have app for fingerprint scanner app for locking apps and for NFC Payment service Some improvements needed. 
2) Camera : Camera is not a bad as others are telling. But it has only one problem that it don't catch good focus. You can reduce this by installing "Camera360" Application 
3) Heating : This phone heats while charging (Fast Mode). This is not a real problem because it is normal to this phone for charging such a huge battery within 1Hr15min. If you are facing heat with normal use then just update your system updates from setting. They fixed heating issue in that update. 
4) Lag : This phone never lags for normal use. But if you are playing a heavy game like GTA San-Andreas it lags. But you can use game boosters to play decently. Simply this phone is specially made for Business Persons. So don't go for this is you are a heavy Gamer. 
5) Weight : This phone have 189 gram weight. But it is normal because it has aluminum body and huge battery. 
This phone is perfect for Business Persons. And if you are expecting a perfect one then you will never get. Companies never provide a perfect (without issue) phone because they need customers to run their business in future phones to run their business constantly. 


4 stars

 Vimal

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 Great Phone !  

 Using this phone for the last 2 months... Going good....13 mp camera does its work well. But I felt it can do little more better.
 Recommending to all 


5 stars

 Riyaz Shaik

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 What a Phone !!! .. Without a doubt go For It.  

 Vibe P1. What a phone!!  
I earlier had Lenovo P780 for only one reason, big battery.  
I also have Nexus 5 from company and believe it, it drains like anything compared to Lenovo P780. 
But Nexus 5 is faster and specs wise its good.  
I travel often and P780 many times saved me while Nexus gave up on battery.  
Wanting to switch over from P780, I had been waiting and only Lenovo could replace it again.  
Vibe P1 is very good in specs. Its faster phone. Full HD Display. 32 GB Internal RAM. Dual LTE phone.  
Very good feature is Very fast and responsive Touch screen along with very accurate finger print scanner.  
Expandable Storage upto 128 GB. And above all, to be able to use all the above features a Huge 4900 mAH battery. 
Phone is bit heavy for that reason but thats OK.  
Lenovo has Vibe series as its Mark like Samsung sticking to Galaxy phone.  
And as such, Vibe P1 has all the upgrades scheduled. Till now I have got around 5 updates OTA and it did increase stability. 
Phone charger is Rocket charger and full charge can be done in 1 hour 10 min.  
Got this phone under exchange of old samsung phone along with Credit card cash back and what else could I have wished.  
Think no further and go for this phone.   


5 stars

 Abinash Roy

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 Best Finger Print phone  

 First I would say if you want a phone with a good finger print scanner you must go for it.. It is faster than apple iPhone 6s
I too have iphone 6s and i have compared.
But if you want this phone for camera or camera is your primary concern then dont go for it. Its camera is ok types.. i.e. decent job done by camera. perform very well.
Minor UI LAGS which can be removed by system update 


5 stars

 Prashant Tathe

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Power house .Perfect for Professional  

 So far so good...I am using this phone after using Moto G for 2 years...
1)As said its power house with average 2days battery back up..with extensive use also I couldn't get to less than 30 %
2)Screen is great.. Initially I thought its not so bright but in setting there is Super bright mode...but default mode is also good ..
3)As of performance no issue for regular use..but some times bit lack while app switching..but very rarely 




#############################PAGE-47#####################################
5 stars
Diptanshu Das

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Great Phone. Great Battery Life  

 I purchased this mobile right on the day of launch on Flipkart (27th Oct 2015) and have been using it uneventfully till date. The first thing that had made me choose this model was its battery capacity. I have not been disappointed by it. This phone otherwise has a smooth service but somehow the free (available) RAM ranges only between 500-800 MB even though this is a mobile with 2 GB RAM. I have tried uninstalling apps (even though I have limited number of apps installed) but nothing seems to help. 
The features are great. UI is impressive. Performance smooth. Only app that hangs on this model is Blossom Blast Saga. Probably the RAM is still inadequate. 
I would strongly recommend this mobile. However, Asus Zenphone Max is a recent competitor at a lower price range but with comparable features which you should hold in comparision while selecting the mobile for yourself. 


5 stars

 KALYAN KUMAR P...

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 The best phone in this price range  

 First of all I want to confirm one thing about camera. I have seen many review saying that the camera quality is not at all good. But, I am very much satisfied with the camera clarity. If you want more quality and clarity please go for a DSLR camera but not a mobile phone. 
Now my review about Lenovo Vibe P1:
Plus:
- Very good battery backup.
- Very attractive look and design.
- Very good performance.
- Fast Charging.
- Excellent audio output.
- Finger print scanner. 
Minus:
- Little bit heating (Now a days common for any phone) while is charging.
- Need to improve the Vibe UI. 
I request Lenovo keep a look on UI. 
As usual excellent service from Flipkart on date and on time. Please don't let it down. 
Finally Thanks Lenovo, Thanks Flipkart. 


5 stars

 Jagdish Kumar

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Wonderful phone  

 I was impressed from this phone the day i had seen its launch advertisement. Anyhow its in my hands now. Its amazing. Flipkart delivery is good. 
it reached to me less than a week.
Great things:
1. The Battery of 5000mAh feels great. 
2. The display is crystal clear.
3. Camera quality is great. 
4. Dual SIM and both 4G LTE (I think no other phone in this price range range offer this)... 
5. Finger Print Reader is amazing. Its very smart feature and works very good.
6. 32GB internal memory expandable upto 128GB unbeatable. 
You can proudly compare your device with many high end phones such as Apple iPhone 6S Plus, LG G FLEX D958, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+...
LENOVO has come up with great options at such an affordable price. 
Great job LENOVO..   


5 stars

 Anshuman Gholap.

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Great phone for 16K from Lenovo . buy it.  

 Flipkart service, great as always , I got this phone neatly packaged .  
TLDR : its a good phone, get it .  
I am using this phone for good 15 days now  
Pros :  
* Fast-charging : this saves you waiting for hours on hours to charge phone , The battery is so huge i literally do not charge it for 2 days and i still have 20% plus battery life left, Wifi is constantly on and data usage is constantly going through my phone as i have to read emails . 
* Big 5.5 inch screen with 1920 resolution : I think at this price getting such a huge screen resolution is absolutely bonus, I have seen no other mobile in this price range is giving this resolution.  
* 32GB internal rom. at Rs16,000 you cannot get 32GB rom mobiles , at least i didn't see one, maybe there are 1-2 , but I constantly see 8GB rom and 16GB rom phones marketed everywhere , do yourself a favor and go for 32GB rom phones, it will save you huge headache , i promise you .  
* FingerPrint sensor : I did not realize how easy this makes it to unlock your phone, for first 4-5 days i was constantly waiting for phone to buzz so i can put my finger to unlock it. Getting this sensor at 16K phone was pleasant surprise. I have yet to see benefit of NFC but i am pretty sure that will come handly when it becomes common and is required when doing Payments with NFC enabled payment systems in malls/shops etc. 
* Default Camera App : for some reason any other camera app gives very bad result for taking photos, I found the default camera app is actually pretty sharp and optimized to take macro or longshot photos , The LED flash is very bright and helps to take indoor photos at night.  
* Stereo sound : stereo sound at the bottom of phone are neat, They are not that loud, wish it was little louder when i keep my phone away in standing mode (with help of cover which i bought separately) but they are loud enough when held in hand. 
* Casual gaming : I tested some games like clash of clan and boom beach etc, they are pretty fast even when you have tons of apps already running in background. no issue.  
* Dual Sim (nano) SD slot : i have seen new trend of removing MicroSD slot, i have no idea why are some companies doing it, that is deal killer for me, getting MicroSD slot was Must for me and i got it, beware you will have to CUT your normal sim card to fit in the nano - tray at top, be careful when cutting to size, be careful when trying to open the TOP LID, i did not read manual and i opened entire back cover when trying to find the sim-card slots and got puzzled, thankfully i quickly found out the top plate which has to be removed and you see SIM-Tray and SD slot. 
* Gorilla glass : I know at this price range getting Gorilla 3 Glass cant get tough, having this on my phone feels secure as i sometimes fumble with my phone when handling it and it can fall down, hey we do it sometimes done we ? or is it just me? 
* Overall good phone : I haven't seen show-stopper on this phone. did not see any heat issues, maybe they have patched it, did not see any other issues, its bright and nice, slightly big in your hand but you quickly adopt to it in few days and your old 4.5 inch phone looks like kids toy to you . 
Cons :  
well, they are not deal killer but there are few of them .  
* Lenovo brand : if you are in security industry in IT you know lenovo has been caught doing fishy things leading to gaping exploits on their laptops, so many people have now developed trust issues with this brand in total, its a chinese company, you wont find any electronic product which is not made in china now, so i am not sure how people are trusting other chinese products if they have trust issue with Lenovo due to superfish getting discovered. BTW Google owns stock in Lenovo and Lenovo had bought Motorola brand from Google already . :)  
* Free Transparent extra back-cover : Lenovo should simply stop giving this free back-cover, it is extremely glossy, plastic cover, it triggers sweaty hands for me, and makes entire phone slippery, thankfully you can order Flip cover for this phone and solve this issue. 
* Phone screen is smudge prone : not sure is it me or my phone, even after applying the Lenovo screen protection cover (which you get with phone) the phone screen is very glossy, gets smudged easily.  
* Lenovo UI launcher : I am sorry, i absolutely hate any manufacturer bringing their own UI skin to phones, i simply installed Nova Launcher. felt at home.  
* NO headphones : Yup, Did not get even cheap headphones, i had to buy them .  
* Notification LED location : not sure why but i don't get LED notification at all on missed call or sms, which i am used to maybe its in setting, also the LED notification wont be seen at all when you buy the flip cover and it covers it totally.  
Thats it i guess. enjoy. 


5 stars
HSCHAHAR

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Really good Phone  

 I buy Lenovo Vibe P1 around 2 month before, I really happy with this , NO heating, fast charging, Camera quality is good, Video quality is awesome.  
Really happy to buy 


5 stars

 Dave

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Excellent phone to own  

 I have been using this phone for the past one month. No issues at all. With moderate use the battery lasts up to 4 days!! With heavy use it last upto 2 days.It's worth every penny you for . Now the K$ Note has come. That too seems to be very good, though not tried so far. 


5 stars
N RAMESH NAIDUPALLI

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Good mobile  

 Nice mobile good battery backup I don't want to buy powerbank 


5 stars
Harshad Patil

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 CAN'T ASK FOR MORE  

 -The phone is worth more than the price it is sold for. 
-Some Key points where other have rated it down:
1. Finger print is extremely smooth. Multiple prints can be saved for use.
2. Camera is extremely good. Takes nice photos even in dark. 
3. Battery is too good. (Now I don't worry of GPS enabled whole day)
4. Phone looks are definitely head turner. 


5 stars
Sanooj S S

 08 Jan 2016 
 
 very satisfied  

 iam satisfied with this very good phone from lenova.
and very much satisfied of flipkart packing. and the shiping team
and you can buy this and worth your money very much .
thank you . 


5 stars
Dhananjay

 08 Jan 2016 
 
 Superb Phone_kudos to Lenovo  

 I'm using this phone from last 2 months.
Some key features which are not only amazing but making people jealous and envious of are -
1. Monstrous battery back-up with super fast charging.
2. Fabulous accuracy of fingerprint sensor (Really got surprised)
3. Aesthetically smart. (Even if it has been rumoured that the phone is bulky, but it doesn't feel so.,not by weight and not even by structure..)
4.No lagging..No heating..(Gets heated a bit as after playing ASPHALT8 for 1 hrs.)
5. The customized UI is really fantastic.Better than Android_(fallen into love.) 
#Negative Points-
1. It would have been great if the RAM of phone could have been a bit more.only 800-900mb gets to use.
2. the phone doesn't come with earphones. 




#############################PAGE-48#####################################
5 stars

 Premashis Poddar

 08 Jan 2016 
 
 Genuine Review  

 Its been 10 Days I am using Lenovo P1, It is awesome mobile. I am heavy mobile user,
So 5000 Mah is lasting for me around 1.5 Days and for normal uses it lasts 3 Days with Dual SIM. If you use non-stop it will last 14-16 hrs. means for a day no need to worry… heavy users. Camera is good and in low light it is average. look is very nice full metal solid like Nokia N8. finger print sensor works awesome. Sound is not good through Google player but hardware is good because I am using POWERAMP Player now Its giving awesome sound (Set Equalizer Properly).
Phone is awesome because everything is there in that phone just you need to configure,
even screen color also you can configure in phone setting. It has 2GB RAM but it is enough for this phone, Phone runs so smooth no lags. It has average brightness, If you need more brightness then you can set more brightness in setting.
Video also play nicely gives nice color quality, but for some video you will get AC3 not support error. You can fix it by search in google for AC3 codec. I configured everything now my mobile is awesome.
friends don’t think so much just go for it. 


3 stars
M s Nithy anandhan

 08 Jan 2016 
 
 Good (not a best)  

 *****
headset is missing...
16000 mobile but headphone is not in a box>.....?///  
*1_battery is good...
*2_sound good
*3_Camera quality & flash is good...
*4_touch screen performence is good...
*5_finger lock is very save & secure...
*6_Avg Heat while charging ...(not over heating)
*7_os(7GB is adopting)
so user memory is 23GB..   


3 stars
Kranthi kiran Gol...

 08 Jan 2016 
 
 Issues with contact manager app and Camera.  

 It is taking long time to open Contacts, at some times you will get irritation. what is the use of the phone which is not useful to make a call at required time, you need to wait for 2 mins or more to load a recent call log or contact searched.  
If we delete messages instantly when it arrived. It still show that there is a message but it will not open as it was deleted. But it will show that there is a message in the notification bar. Every time you see your phone you will see there is a message but there will be no content in that. I tried to set all settings but it only got deleted when I have cleared my entire inbox. 
The Cam is will give two different colors, with flash one color and without flash one color.  
The RAM is also not sufficient for the future use. 


2 stars

 Santhosh

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Has got software issues  

 Good display and performance, but I am experiencing many issues mainly in S/W 
1. Most of the time You Tube is not working : Error message is that unable to connect to network, in both WIFI and 3G/4G networks
2. Map is not shown in taxi apps 
3. Fingerprint doesn't work properly
4. And few more UX issues. 


4 stars
Vikram Sharma

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 BRILLIANT FEATURES  

 BRILLIANT PHONE 
1- FINGER SCANNER 
2- FLIP THE MOBILE AND LOCK
3- AUTO PICK THE CALL WHEN YOU NEAR YOUR EAR
ITS REALLY AMAZING FEATURES
BUT CAMERA QUALITY IS AVERAGE.  


5 stars

 aakash dutta

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 monster!  

 good phone ! excellent battery life ! decent camera ! display quality great ! sound production is also very pleasing ! built quality awesome ! ram management good on day to day uses! this mobile is not for heavy gamers ! it is very practical phone with a roughly 2days of battery backup with all day data connection on ! casual gaming ! video music playback !. you want more? it has a decent fingerprint scanner too! though the functionality is very limited but hopefully lenovo will bring awesome functions with marshmallow update as the marshmallow has inbuilt fingerprint integration ! 


5 stars

 Sheela gopalasamy

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Nice  

 I am very happy with the purchase. It looks so cool. My college going son was jealous seeing this phone:) 


2 stars

 sanjay

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Nwetwork  

 Only Battery is ok. Network tower problem. when missed it have to search manually every time. Dont buy 


4 stars
Bharath Bushan

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 good hardware specs... but wanted 3 GB ram  

 firstly it has very good hardware specs
I MAINLY BOUGHT IT FOR LARGE BATTERY AND FINGER PRINT SENSOR AND FULL HD 32 GB MEMORY.
BATTERY GOOD.. FINGERPRINT NOT SATISFACTORY IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN PUT IN BACK SIDE LIKE HONOR 7
I mainly focus on following these things
 TOUCH> GOOD
FINGERPRINT SENSOR> NOT UPTO MY MARK ONLY 70% ACCURACY BIG TURNOFF FOR ME
ALL OTHERS ARE QUITE GOOG.
LOOKS: NOT SATISFIED ME FOR THE THIS AMOUNT, SHOULD HAVE BEEN FLAT LIKE OTHER MODEL, VIBES PREVIOUS DESIGN PHILOSOPY NOT MAINTAINED.
BUT FOR AN AVEREAGE USER NO PROBLEM
 MY FIRST DEVICE WHICH I GOT WAS FAULTY REGARDING NETWORK COONECTIVITY SO ASKED FOR RETURN BUT THY GAVE ME REPLACEMENT NOW NEW DEVICE IS WORKING OKAY..BUT FAR BETTER THAN BU ZENFONE 5
BUT SIGNAL RECEPTION NOT UPTO MARK COMPARED TO MY LUMIA 730 AND GALAXY S AS I STAY IN VERY LIMITED SIGNAL CONNECTIVITY AREA   


4 stars
Rajesh Kothari

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 - Good Phone Value For Money  

 Good Display. Good Memory. Camera quality Great. Interface easy to operate.
Excellent battery. Heavy in weight. Not too fashionable in looks but considering other features that is ok. Good buy for under 17000 smartphone. 




#############################PAGE-49#####################################
5 stars
Vinoth Kumar

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Excellent phone  

 Worth for money, Awesome phone... only thing is fingerprint sensor in front side. its better if it is in back side...  


5 stars

 Manish Awasthi

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Cool  

 Its a great phone with good specs, must buy for those who are lookin for best budget phone.
no heating issue apart from charging and its quite normal if phone heats up while charging apart from that no issue with phone no lag or heating issue. 
Got 2 updates after i connected my phone to internet for the first time and its running smooth after that. 
9/10 because no headphone given by company but rest is great. 


5 stars

 hrsh

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Battery beast  

 Thank you for delivering the product before the timelines.
Phone is good,processing speed is also good.
Camera quality OK. 
Battery backup is awesome I'm getting also 2days on minimal usage. 1 day on heavy usage like 3g or wifi always on, browsing some time 2-3 games for 1-2hrs like.
Finger print sensor working fine.
Overall experience is good. 


4 stars
SHEHIN NOUSHAD ALI

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Very Good Product for a Reasonable Price  

 I have not used lenovo laptops nor mobile in my lifetime. The reviews I found in flipkart is the reason why I choose lenovo Vibe P1. I am very well satisfied with the delivery and product performance. It was a new year surprise for me. I am giving 4 star from the experience of 1 week usage. 


4 stars
LOVELY CHAKRAVORTY

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 awesome phone at best price  

 Bought this phone in month of november after reading lot of review onlie and doing r&d an awesome phone . Good battery life , better reception only negative point it heats up while charging and the screen guard provided is of cheap quality 


4 stars

 Sujin Kanagamany

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Excellent Performance  

 The battery backup is very good. You can continuously play games for more than 8 hours. Very fast you can do many activities at the same time. But the camera quality is little bit low compared to lenovo K3 note. Overall best phone in the market. And it has quick charge functions. In 1 hour 30 minutes the phone get fully charged. While charging mobile get very heat. And also while playing game it gets very heat. 


4 stars

 Om prakash Maurya

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 All are goood except internet data setting  

 Overall phone is good. 
but i m facing a problem.
I purchased this phone a month ago, after 4-5 days i noticed a problem. In my phone internet data automatically get OFF and the setting where we ON the data become disable. To enable internet data i have to restart the phone. 
But thank you to flipkart, On my request they changed my old phone with new phone. But after exchanging the new phone start showing same problem. 
Yesterday again i requested for exchange. 
I m giving one extra star for flipkart. 


4 stars

 vignesh krishn...

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibes P1 pros and cons  

 I am using this mobile couple of days 
Pros 
Good Battery life -> 30% of battery consumption per day for a average user like me without battery saver switch enabled. 
Design -> even though it bulk , the metal finish good.  
Figner print sensor 
Rear Camera is not so great , but good same as moto G. 
OTG feature with which we can use usb stick as well as like power bank to charger another phone.  
GUI is great when compared to normal Android gui , you have self test Hardware diagnostics utility. 
Display is too good.  
Fast, smooth and no lag in operation when compared to x play  
Cons
while charging mobile gets heated up , if wifi is on while charging little bit more also u can feel , normal operation/usage you will not feel the heat(playing videos, games , music , browsing. etc ) . 
No Headset with the box. 
We cannot change the back panel , and we have limited color option (grey and silver).  
Instead of back plastic case , if tempered glas is given it would have been very useful. 
Sound is not good to listen if the volume more than 70 % , is too loud to hear like a noise.   


5 stars
Gnaneswar

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 simply superb phone  

 But brightness is too low it is one of the drawback of the phone  
And all the other features including finger print scanner is very excellent ,
mainly battrey backup is awesome , 
The battery may come upto 2 dadys on contious playing also,
and next come to the camera and very good quality of pictures are coming out. 


5 stars
ATUL BHUTADA

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 Value for money - (Battery^Memory^Processor^RAM^ = 10/10)  

 Great phone, battery is simply Excellent...... Rocket Charging superb 
 Fantastic design
 Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
 Good processor and 2GB RAM
 Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
 Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
 Gorilla Glass 3 protection
 Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
 Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
 Fingerprint sensor is fast
 Lesser SAR values (compared to predecessors)
 Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000m
 Simply move one button increase Battery life....... Too good 




#############################PAGE-50#####################################
5 stars

 Vishal Pandey

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 Good product but bad service by flipkart  

 Service: I ordered with an offer (1000 rs discount) but it didn't get delivered, instead I was asked to reorder that too after about a week. Next time I got it within 2 working days without any offers.  
After 5 days of use:  
Display: Quality is excellent. Everything visible even in sunlight. Touch is excellent. Screen is like a fingerprint magnet but gets cleaned easily.  
Performance: Performance is very good. Any time I have at least 1 GB ram free and I've installed tons of application. Everything is working perfectly till now. I liked fingerprint detection and face recognition too much as it's pretty fast and works perfectly.  
Build quality: Phone looks too good and the build quality is also very good.  
Battery: I continuously use 3G network, I play games in this phone and I use it a lot and battery lasts more than 24 hours. Other phones (tested on android phones and iphone) can be charged from this phone as it works as power bank. You can play clash of clans for about 5 hours without charging it (if you like that game).  
Camera: Both the cameras are good. But if you want a DSLR at this price, that too inbuilt in your phone then probably this is not the phone you're looking for.  
Sound: The quality is good. The audio jack output is also very good. Speaker is also pretty loud.  
Heating: Many people have complained about this but I haven't experienced anything like that. If you play clash of clans then probably you would be knowing how much it heats the phone. Even after playing for about 4-5 hours the phone was not getting heated.  
Cons:
Sometimes you might feel a little lag, so you need to keep your phone clean. I use quick heal total security so I don't have lagging issues. 
I'll update the review after few more days of usage. 


5 stars
Shreekant Itara

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 Nice Good  

 Nice in Performance
Awesome Battery  
i used this 1 month and nice battery almost 1 day in hard use . 
a bit heating but its common in all phone ,  
heavy coz battery  
nice in this price 


4 stars

 Dinesh Anipakala

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 Great mobile in the price range.  

 Great stylish and class look and awesomatic battery life very fast charging as it takes around 40 min to charge 100%. More than enough product for the money. 


1 star
malla shiva

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 BAD CAMERA QUALITY  

 HOWEVER IN 16K PHONES CAMERAS BECAME VERY BAD BOTH FRONT AND BACK.AND AFTER UPGRADATION PHONE RESPONSE VERY SLOW. 


5 stars
GAURAV BHARADWAJ

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 A good phone in this price.  

 A very good phone. though its just a week that i have got it. but so far so good. the speaker volume and the ringtone volume is very good and loud. the speed is good and the best part is the battery, it lasts for almost two and a half day or so. i check my mails, surf net and lots more and still the battery lasts that long. i am happy to buy this phone. 


5 stars

 Soumya%20Sankh...

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 Great job done  

 Quality n Authenticity maintained by Flipkart. Great delivery time. Appreciate the effort put in. 


5 stars

 Pranav Mehat

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 Woww  

 What a phone just one word to describe it "WOW"
Everything in is eye catching and appealing..
Whether it is looks ,camera or display everything is stunning ..
PROS--
**monstrous battery (screen on time of 8-9hrs ..... Which lasts easily 1.5 days even on heavy usage)
** rocket charger what lenovo calls it ( charges the phone from dead to 100 in 100minutes)BLAZING ......
** fingerprint scanner (works 9out of 10 times) goof to see in a mid range smart phone. 
** lag free day to day usage with heavy tasks like gaming
** acceptable camera picture quality
**dual 4g sim support along with SD card expansion up to 128gb 
** superb loud speaker 
CONS--
** not many but brightness could have been better 
** 2gb ram on usage is more than enough but not good on paper  
Last I would like to if u are looking for a phone between 15-20k u should consider in urrr list .. 
Satisfied:) ;) 


4 stars

 Mohan

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 Very nice product  

 It is 2 weeks I am using this phone. Overall experience is very good. This phone is more than what I expected . 


5 stars

 Shailesh Devas...

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 Perfect Phone  

 I purchased Vibe P1 from Flipkart.  
Pros:
Battery
Display
Camera
Multitasking is smooth, no heating issue
Huge 32 GB ROM and Supports 128GB SD card
Fingerprint Sensor is awesome  
Cons
Vibe UI is not intuitive, resizing of icons not possible.  
Overall satisfaction 4.7/5 


5 stars

 sudhanshu pandey

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 great phone.. quite responsive and featureful,  

 This phone is exactly what I have been looking for almost 1.5 yrs. It has got everything that a user with daily routine would require. 
PROS:
excellent battery life. gives two days of backup straight without charging. Now I am not at all worried about charging the phone everytime. 
I found this phone quite responsive in daily usage. and never hanging. Vibe UI looks cool. Contrary to what users have been saying about weak signal reception. I never found this problem in the device. I have been using two nano sims and the response is excellent. voice clarity is good. but voice will be audible to outsiders sometimes.
No heating issues!! I got around 3 OS updates. I guess those have been the solutions to some complaints of heating when charging occurs. For me, its always cool , even on charging. 
Charging is fast .. I personally mapped the tme it takes in charging, and I was amazed to see its charging almost 1% per minute.. way to go, Lenovo.. 
With such a performance, I have increased my daily usage work on my mobile and It easily caters all my needs and gives smooth experience. 
CONS: I believe the camera could have been better. although camera is 13 MP, still the pic quality gets flattened on zooming in. front camera looks good. Detailing the pic gets blurred. 
second thing is RAM. with regular usage, around 900 MB is available. but with heavy usage , around 400-500 MB is available. Although it has not slowed down the mobile till now, but still leads us to believe that it may become sluggish if we increase our usage.  
I purchased it with exchange offer on Nexus 4. and I am quite satisfied than I was before. 




#############################PAGE-51#####################################
5 stars

 ptcdent

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 Extraordinary phone for ordinary price  

 I was looking for a mobile with huge internal memory and it just came to my sight. I just fall for the look of this phone.  
I was waiting for a offer to buy this a best possible price. Finally ordered this on dec 21 for 15k with 1500 cash back so i got for 13500 
Regarding the phone it has very minor cons like heating up that too only during charging, average camera in dim light. But other than that this phone is mind blowing and absolutely amazing.  
As of now to my knowledge no other phone at this price point providing 32 GB internal memory. Rocket charging works superb. I am really satisfied on buying this phone.  
This phone has set a new trend for Massive Battery. Many other companies following only after this phone. 
Without doubt this phone is worthy buy. 


5 stars

 rupesh

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Monster  

 camera clarity is awesome even in night. supper built , huge battery backup 
only thing feel bit heavy due to huge battery 


4 stars

 saugata paul

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 amazing battery  

 The battery back up of the phone is really amazing i am not a gamer but i use my mobile quite some time..like regularly i use around 4 hours screen time. with that use i get around 3 days back up :-) .. unbelievable to hear actually..over all other features are quite smooth.
some cons are there though..
the look is avrg
the screen resolution is not very crisp.
the camera is bellow avrg.
i am facing a problem with pc connectivity..i read in some other websites where i found few others are facing the same issue.
over all you can go for this phone if you are not trying to take very good pics with your mobile.. 


4 stars

 Anamiya Bhatta...

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 It's working fine!!!  

 Till now I have used the phone. Everything is good. But Only I found I bad regarding camera resolution. Other wise its ok ....YOU can go for it. 


5 stars

 Sukesh Singh

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Good phone  

 I like it!! It has good features like when it's night it's light automatically start decreasing, it's baterry is working for a long time, it gives truecaller, mytra, flipcart,etc,. items for free. 


3 stars

 Suresh-Lenovo...

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Battery drains fast  

 Battery drains fast for me even i exchanged with flipkart. If wifi used more than 30% reducing.. Having any solution for this,  
I also check with lenovo customer care, they said the battery is good but still i facing this issue.  
System update is also done!! Please any one say any solution. 
Thankyou
Suresh 


2 stars

 RITESH

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 ABOUT PHONE  

 THE BIG DEMERIT OF THIS SET IS THAT IT IS NOT PROVIDING EARPHONE INSIDE THE BOX OR NOT PROVIDING EARPHONE AS ACCESSORIES . THE MAJOR PART OF DEMERIT IS THAT IT IS NOT PROVIDING HEADPHONE IN THE BOX. PHONE WITHOUT HEADPHONE. 


5 stars

 Sukhvinder Singh

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo at its best  

 I bought this phone for my wife after the mi3 screen gave up. My review for this is that this is best phone by Lenovo and no doubt it is the number 1 phone of 2015 which was sold by flipkart. 


5 stars

 Taha Sidhpurwala

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome Phone @ great Price  

 Sound Quality is good...Build is good.. battery life is for approx 1.5 days with internet usage, music and messenger apps usage.. 
the only concern is that the phone is a bit heavy and bulky 


4 stars
JAYKUMAR HARIBABU

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1(Grey, 32 GB)  

 First of, Packing of the Product is "Good" i.e. Rating 3/5. Secondly, Delivery of the Product is maximum 3-Days to deliver. Finally; Coming to the Performance of the Vibe - P1. 
1. Already we knew that; its very popular for its 4900 mAh battery(i.e. Rating 5/5) and it withstand about "2 Days" for Casual users; and maximum of 1 - day for daily users.
2. I won't recommend this vibe P1 full for "Gamers (i.e. 3/5)" though its got Adreno 405 and 1.5 GHz + Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 64-bit, Octa Core. its plays very well only a normal types games.
3. Hence, it have a Saving mode button that; really gives me about 3 -days maximum battery back-up, but it wont allow us to use any kind of apps just to make call, msging.
4. This is the Best Smart phone greatly suitable for Business and working people.  




#############################PAGE-52#####################################
5 stars

 Udbhav

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Simply awesome!  

 Everything great, i have used other brands like apple, sony, samsung, etc Lenovo vibe p1 is also top notch on quality
Flipkart delivery is great too
Plus points Battery, fingerprint, metal body
Avg camera 
Lot of features for professionals
App support is good too  


4 stars
Ravi Sankar

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Best mobile from LENOVO. Best delivery by FLIPKART.  

 First of all I should thank Flipkart for its fastest delivery ever for me, ordered it on the evening of 19 December 2015 (Saturday) got it on the morning of 21st(Monday). With a great packing too.
Coming to pros and cons of the mobile,
pros;
1.Many people said that its a heavier one. But its stylish look and build quality dominates its weight.
2.Giant 5000 MAH battery is what makes the mobile a powerhouse. It gave me 9 hours of continuous gaming. A normal user can charge it once in two or three days.
3.Elegant performance ( high end games like NFS no limits, modern combat 5, asphalt 8 airborne and vector run pretty smooth and fast)
4.The phone features NFC, fingerprint unlock, power saver mode, micro screen, smart brightness adjustment and many.
5.The sound is too big, of course Lenovo is from China.
cons;
1. Only con of this mobile is its bad camera(only the rear one, front cam is so good) though it is given 13 MPs it looks like a 5 or 8 MPs.
many people get confusion whether to opt for vibe P1 or vibe S1
If camera and weight of the mobile are your greatest concern go for vibe S1 (RAM capacity is also more for the S1 model) In all other aspects vibe P1 is the best option. It is also budget friendly available for 16k only on flipkart. 


5 stars
Gopinath mondal

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 nice phone to own.  

 Phones build quality is very good. Charging completes in no time.battery backup is awesome. 32gb storage is very good enough. More than 1gb ram is always available. Excellent finger print. 


5 stars
Arun ramesan

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Best phone under 20k.  

 Awesome phone.. Some of the guys said to avoid lenovo mobiles but don't believe in that..last year I have tried lenovo a7000 it is working good till now and no issue...in that trust last monday28th Dec I received lenovo vibe p1 it working like beast..great phone guys close ur eyes and u can buy. 


5 stars

 SHASHANK SHARMA

 02 Jan 2016 
 
 go for it  

 after 2 month of use i found it to be
Pros
4-5 days of battery on moderate use
good display
super fast processing
little bit bulky.... given the size of battery
bit bigger... given the size of the 5.5 inch display
and no headphone with it
hard to find exact fit screen guard 


3 stars

 Krish...

 02 Jan 2016 
 
 Good One  

 Yes, This product is worth of money,But having some heating problem during charging, and picture quality not that much sharp what we expected in 13 Mp... 


5 stars

 Kankan Chakra...

 02 Jan 2016 
 
 Impressed !!  

 I have been using this phone for last 5 days and i must say its pretty impressive.
Its got it all you want at this price point and even it can challenge any mid range flagship.
Display 10/10
Look 10/10 [Metal Unibody / Back crystal cover proovided]
Camera 8.5/10
Performance 9/10 [No Lag] 850 MB Ram free always
Battery 10/10 Awesome will last atleast 1.5 days ove mid usage/Wifi Connection
Features 10/10
Fingerprint scanner [9/10] Little problem with sweaty fingers but accurate and fast otherwise
Call Quality : 10/10 [No call drops observed till now]
Speaker : Very good 
Cons : Nothing at this price point  


4 stars
RAGHU KISHAN DASA...

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 Vibe P1 good but could be better!!  

 Lenovo has finally broken the shackles from launching unstable and unreliable handsets. Since k3 note they have been launching pretty good mobiles. After extensive search and with a little doubt in mind I bought this handset. 
I must say they have for a mid range smartphone have ticked almost all the tickmarks.  
Pros: 
1. Outstanding Battery
2. Good display
3. Fast finger recognition
4. Balanced UI without much bloatware
5. Very good call reception
6. Loud speaker 
Cons:
1. Camera is very average indoors. It is manageable outdoor. I felt moto g3 camera performs better than this.
2. Heavy in hand. Better buy a good hard case which is not slippery and shield the display with tempered glass. If this phone falls with display facing downwards the weight of the phone will influence breakage of display.
3. 2gb ram is a let down. It will be good upto 6 months of usage. I have seen 2gb ram phones slowing down in performance after extended usage. Processing begs for more ram as phone gets older. 
I did buy the phone knowing the cons. II
 still felt the pros outweigh the cons considering I am paying 15k for a full hd, 5000 mah, 5.5 inch, NFC, finger print featured phone.  
My usage so far has been satisfactory except camera department.   


5 stars

 SUDARSAN.S

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 A GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY  

 AFTER A WEEK OF USING THIS BEAST.
PROS:
1.BATTERY..BATTERY..rock solid for sot[screen on time 8 hrs]..standby for 40 hrs..total 2 days of constant usage of wifi on with whataspp and fb notifications in sync 
2.display.[even though some complain that display is dull lit..change to super brightness mode..u wll see the magic 
3.wifi radar.the reception is excellent
4..figerprint scanner..this works like a charm
5..NFC
6.power saving mode.. which allows only call and msg..separate button for it
7..usb otg cable.screen guard with the box..so[ INR 300 ]..even though the cover in the box is of cheap quality is kind of ok
8.processor..excellent for hardcore games.i installed asphalt 8 ..coc..nfs..all worked liked charm..no heating or other issues while shifting..
9..rocket charging..85 mins..full charge..[company claims 60 mins..dont fall for it]..use only the company provided charger.
10..front camera.. 
CONS:
1.it heats a bit while only charging ..that is normal with all android phones..
2. no headphones with the box..
3..sim trays are very flimsy..if ur regulary changing sims u might defly break them. 
caution..use only the company charger ..for fast cahrging..dont mix ur device chargers with others..
do update the 33mb +42mb+37 mb updates as soon u get the phone..otherwise u will land up in trouble 


4 stars

 Vikrant Jain

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 Very Good phone with great features  

 This is one of the awesome phone i have used till date,You can definitely buy this without any second thought. 
Every feature with design and look and feel was awesome and very fluent. 
Camera quality is not up to the mark or it is not as good like MI4i and other 10K to 15K range phones. 
This is my bad luck the phone i have loved so much is come with vibration issue, the vibration mode is not working. 
Really thanks to Flip-kart for its awesome service delivery and replacement procedure , hoping to get a new piece till 9th of Jan. 
Again Waiting for the new phone to arrive. All features are working fine with very good battery backup.  




#############################PAGE-53#####################################
5 stars

 Debajit Saha

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 battery focused smart phone  

 Great phone, battery is simply supurb. Looks great and much like iphone.
 Fantastic design
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Lesser SAR values (compared to predecessors)
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000m… (Expand) 


3 stars

 Niraj

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 all good except Camera  

 Excellent for (extremely satisfied)- 
-Speakers
-Battery life
-Finger print Sensor
-Charging speed
-Display 
Poor (Extreme Disappointment):
-Camera: Poor!! I think even a 5 MP camera would click better pictures 
Average on performance- 
The performance while switching apps, opening apps is not great. Could have been better. 
3GB RAM and Better camera lens would make this product best of the lot! 


5 stars
Ashish Gupta

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 Good buy at 16k  

 The product is quite nice for 16k with amazing features. 
The battery is quite good in standby mode but it drains very fast while usage . 


5 stars

 ANAND WAKCHAURE

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome phone  

 I used this device for 1 week now, my experience is very good, awesome phone with good battery.
go for it 


5 stars

 Raja Rajendera...

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 For people who need excellent battery life  

 Pros:
Battery life is excellent. 
Fingerprint sensor
Display quality
Sound clarity
Vibe UI 
Cons:
Above average camera clarity. But never mind that. It's good only. Only for too camera specific users it might feel below average. Regular users won't see much of differwnce 


5 stars

 Rony Roy

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 Good product  

 The product was as per the description mentioned in the site. The battery got charged superfast.   


5 stars
Arijit

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 great one  

 Good 13mp camera with panorama, fast and long lasting charging battery, excellent touch and sensor quality and finger print unlocking facility. Means fully paisa wasul handset............... ! 


5 stars

 Christopher Skill

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone  

 Am satisfied with the phone & features that come within this price band. A bit heavy but after some time you get used to it. Good fingerprint sensor...Fairly accurate...Battery backup is a boon...Display is also good... 


4 stars

 Manikandan Par...

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone for best rate  

 Good battery backup. It's worth buying.Acting as power bank. 


5 stars

 Anurag Dujari

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Smartphone Lenovo has produced till date  

 Recently I disposed off my HTC Desire 826 for Rs 13,500 and purchased LENOVO Vibe P1 for same amount (got Rs 1,000 instant off + Rs 1500 in form of cash back). This is one of the best smartphones in the mid-range universe. Let me elaborate in form of pros and cons: 
Pros
1. Very powerful battery: I have been using this handset for over a week now and I would like to say that it lasts for at least 44 hours under moderate use which is extraordinary.
2. Rocket Charger: It charges the mammoth 5000mah battery in 90 mins (although the company claims to charge in 60 mins).
3. Looks: Its very elegant and beautiful
4. Sound: Speaker volume is very crisp and loud, one of the loudest I have ever heard
5. Network reception: Its excellent.
6. WiFi connectivity: Better than my HTC Desire 826
7. Display: Its very good and touch screen is very responsive. Many people have complaints regarding its display to be dull but under super brightness mode you will get excellent display.
8. Internal Memory: 32GB of internal memory is excellent plus option to expand by another 128GB via micro SD card.
9. Customization: there are several options to customize settings which is another plus for this smartphone
10. RAM and battery Booster: One of the best among existing smartphones 
Cons:
1. Average Camera: The only major drawback about this handset is its camera. It very average. Under day light conditions its good but under artificial lights its bad.
2. Limited Ringtones option: You get hardly 10 inbuild Ringtones to select from. However, you can set from SD/Internal downloaded Ringtones.
3. Below average screen guard: Screen guard which comes in the box is average and is finger print magnet. 
Suggestion: To get best out of the handset download 32MB and 42MB patch up. It has fixed many bugs including that of battery drainage. For best battery output, initially complete 3 cycles of full charge and discharge. 
Happy purchasing.  




#############################PAGE-54#####################################
4 stars
Aravind Gautam

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 money worth  

 really good mobile 16k is worth in this model... lenovo vibe p1 is super... charge is good camera is ok... all this is fine ... 


5 stars

 Ranjith Chukka

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth it completely..!!  

 Absolutely worth for the price...!!
It's been a month since I have purchased this phone, everything goes well without any issue.
*Very fast charging, full battery in 1 n half hour that's amazing.
*No hanging issue at all.
*No heating issue.
*Fingerprint works well.
*Display is comparatively little less bright but u can change it in settings and go for super bright display mode.
*Battery life is awesome as expected, comes on an avg of 1 n half day with internet on.
*Good for those who likes mobiles on heavier side.
*Camera is pretty good,its even better with flash.
#Finnally completely satisfied with the product :-)  


5 stars

 Prasad Hallur

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 NO COMPROMISE IN THE BUILD QUALITY  

 One of the Best Mobiles with a Premium Look and Design
NO COMPROMISE IN THE BUILD QUALITY. 
After unpacking, I was really amazed on two facts
1. Product's Package
2. The product itself :) 
Pros
1. Almost Stock Android Experience.
2. No bloatwares.
3. Snappy Performance.
4. Great Outdoor Shots.
5. More than Enough ROM [for average users] 32GB.
6. External, Expandabe upto 128Gigs.
7. Great Battery Backup...Infact THE BEST.
8. OTG and Backcase included in the package.
9. Sound is too loud n too great.
10. NFC.
11. Fingerprint sensor that responds immediately...Infact there's no delay at all.
12. 5000mAh Battery gets completely charged in 1.15hours approximately. 
Cons
A mixed experience in the snaps captured...
Shots taken during daylight and in outdoor conditions are produced brilliantly........
while during night,its an average..... 


4 stars

 Anurag Tyagi

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Good Phone  

 I bought this phone one month back and has fulfilled all my expectation.  
Pros:
Battery: Battery is amazing. if you charge battery upto trickle then it reaches upto 3 days easily.
Loudspeaker: Loudspeaker and Voice is very loud.
Touch: Touch is very smooth.
Camera: 13Mega Pixel Camera is not best but average. If you dont compare it with 50K phones, it is very good in this price range.
Ram: Ram is 2 GB, but it is more than sufficient for regular work. I have not tried any heavy game though.
Other features: Phone connects to Wifi very smoothly, OTG works very fine, It also has NFC and fingre print feature and you can turn the phone into battery saving mode with single button. 
I highly recommed this phone. I bought it in 16K, but now it has excahnge offer upto 8K and u can use this opportunity. I highly recommend this phone in this budget. 


5 stars

 Minal Gupta

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Story of a BEAST!! Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Review after 2 day usage... 
First of all but this handset only if ti meets your requirements. in my case it was a decent phone with all the latest features and a large battery. So it became my first choice. 
Lenovo has done a good job making a phone in 15k range maintaining competition levels. Now as I opened the Wonderful box, I found a stunning phone with a classy backcover. Besides it the father of all chargers - ROCKET Charger. Not only this an OTG unit is also provided. 
As I switched ON the phone, it looked quite simple but than its software awakes powered by its huge battery. I tried rocket charging which charged it like 1% per min. In half an hour my battery from 60 to 100%. I usually like new looks so VIBE UI was kept as it is. Simple & sleek, no difficulties at all. 
On day 1 evening I started using Wifi downloaded and installed around 3 4 updates of around 300 mb. Out of 32 Gb around 24Gb is available. After downloading, browsing, heavy multitasking, gaming, calling till midnight its battery reached 50%. 
On Day 2 I inserted 16 Gb card moved some data here and there, took some stunning pictures with my friends (5 megapixel front camera is quiet good). As it went towards less battery it was looking as it does not want to get discharged. after using it till midnight its beasty battery was still at 20%. 
Now as i am writing this review on Day 3 it still has 15% left in it and looks like it never wants to get off. all this time my 3G connection is ON. Now its battery saver option has turned ON so I dont know how far it will go on. 
So in the end of the story ill end with some PROS & CONS:
PROS CONS
1) Huge battery life 1) back camera is just OK
2) Rocket charger, OTG 2) A little heavy
3) Aluminium body 3) Brightness is not that bright
4) Back cover
5) fluent processor
6) stunning features
7) Sound really loud
8) good fingerprint sensor 
SO all in all after comparing even with 20 k MOTO X PLAY the only diff you will find is brightness and camera of MOTO better otherwise this phone is a much better choice...
Enjoy!!!  


5 stars

 Vineet Kumar

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Best in this range  

 Best in this range, very good product to buy. I am using this product from last one week, no complaints yet.Best in this range, very good product to buy. I am using this product from last one week, no complaints yet. 


5 stars

 Vatto N

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Buy  

 Work in Australia but had to use my Indian sim regularly as well. I was looking for a good dual sim mobile. Samsung Note4 was the only thing in my mind... But shelling more than 40k rupees was not worth it for a mobile. So saw some good phones in india and narrowed down this one. First opinion is really good. More than impressed with a phone with features at this price. Build quality and functioning is top notch. Way better than Samsung phones (I do have my Samsung Note 2). No hanging, no heating, very fast browsing and downloads, wonderful UI and display and Camera as well. Don't know why people complain on the camera part. Took some gorgeous shots and did install google camera to take some blur pics which came out real good...Worthy buy for people who use this as a phone. Fabulous buy 


5 stars

 Sumit De

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Product is worth a try  

 Its really a good phone, it has got all you need, a very good battery which gets charged in precisely 1 hour time and last for 2 days. 
Would recommend a purchase 


4 stars

 Varun Sharma

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 The Best Pone under 16000k  

 It have all the felicities like premium phones. Best in its price range. Good Product and Good Delivery. Pros - all, Cons - Heat( You can't inevitable that in current smartphone era) 


3 stars

 A. M. Pramanik

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Average phone  

 Not bad. But not as aspected. battery is average. Camera also average. 




#############################PAGE-55#####################################
5 stars

 Sudhahar V

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice product best buy  

 Nice product best buy , mobile performance and battery performance is very good 
Flipkart service also very good 


5 stars

 Suresh Goyal

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Sunlight Legibility  

 Good phone with sunlight legibility. Nice Battery backup. 4G Dual sims. Loud and Clear sound. 32 GB storage and 1.5 Octacore processor with 2GB RAM. 


4 stars

 Sivakumar Gnan...

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 A Best phone you can get at 15K budget but..  

 Just saw one of my colleagues mobile and ordered this.Real good mobile without any performance issues. 
In the Box : Phone, OTG cable (For charging other devices using this phone's battery power), USB cable and a Fast charger(Charges this phone's 5000 mah battery in max of 90 mins), a transparent Back panel, amd a scratch guard 
PROs: 
1. BATTERY : 5000 MAH, For sure it lasted for 1.5 days in heavy usage in wifi, Mobile data, games, music and other browsing alternatively.
2. Fast charger :Unlike other vendors, Lenovo gives the fast charger with the box itself.. you dont need to buy it seperately unless you have any problem.
3. Display : 5.5" is good for watching movies, photos and games. You have an option to make it compact view which helps in one handed operations as well
4. Camera : 13MP rear and 5MP front. Good in Daylight and bright light situations and the HDR option helps in low light situations. it can take quick snaps if you press the volume key 2timeswhen locked.
5. Sound : This is a mobile that gives you a decent and loud enough speaker with which you can hear you ring tones and your music in loud speaker if you want..
6. Finger Print sensor: Unlocking has never been this much secured and faster.. This is too fast when you use FPS to unlock. you may add many finger prints.
7. Touch less features: Button touch is not required to lock or mute the phones.. Just flip it locks the screen. Same way it mutes the mic during the calL, attend the call automatically by taking the phone near your ears. it has many fancy but useful features like this but should be enabled by the user.
8. OS : Latest Android Lolipop OS with OTA patches from lenovo
9. Power save button : You get only phone option and few other apps enabled by you available once you enable this button. This will help when you have very low battery and just want to make and attend calls.
10. Performance: Never found any Lags(Octa core CPU and 2GB RAM)
11. Capacity : 32GB RO Memory and expandable to 128GB with SD card is enough and enough memory. 
Cons: 
1. Camera : Low light pictures are not that great and having noice in the pixels.. But ok to capture and enjoy those moments. 
2. Accessories : You dont get the accessories like good flipcover and tempered glass that easily.. and those available in flipkart also got cancelled during the delivery. I think they are not suitable for this and flipkart is filtering it.Need to safeguard the mobile till we get these things. 


4 stars

 Robinson

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth for Your Money  

 My mobile got delivered within 2 days from the purchase date. When I ordered, I'm not sure whether it will be good mobile or not. But I strongly believed in other reviews and also for its specification. Now I have completed 1 month with this mobile. So I like to share mypros and cons below.
Pros: 
 - Good Battery life, it stands for 2 days even after I play Fifa16, NFS etc
 - 13MP camera is good in outdoor.
 - some cool feature as finger print, and other short cuts features.
 - Loud Speakers
 - Cool Processor which gets hanged even after multiple apps on action.
Cons:
 - Camera is not good in low light
 - light over weight but that wont be much problem. 
It is worth for its money. 


4 stars

 lakshman duggi...

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 good mobile in this range...  

 Overall good.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
Need some time to get used to UI.
Screen clarity is good. 
Good deal. Value for money 


5 stars
jeneesh kumar

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent mobile at this price range  

 Excellent mobile in this price range.... all the advanced features like Fingerprint scanner , NFC, with extraordinary battery with beautiful look. Worth buying it. Just the only minus I felt is ...Its little bulkier, but acceptable because of good backup. 


5 stars

 Rajen Kumar Patra

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Fantastic  

 Absolutely marvelous...you can go for it...the music,look,and camera is awesome, feel is very good...right there with moto x play and oneplus x... buy if you use the mobile very much as the battery is charging very fast and draining very slowly... 


5 stars

 ajith

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 best  

 reviewing after two day of use ,it does satisfy you with its battery ,little heating issue,thts all i loved this phone 


5 stars

 Dheen Raj

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Performance phone  

 Very good phone 
Pros:
Outstanding battery backup
fast charging
Display quality is good. full hd videos playing without any issues
No heating issue
fingerprint sensor is working very well
sound is very loud
camera is ok. dont compare with samsung
good signal reception 
Cons:
Phone is little weight 
phone is heating while charging but its not a major problem (may be fast charging) 


5 stars

 selva ganapathi

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Best beast for the price  

 Very very good product. Purchase it blindly if you want charge to last for minimum of 36 hours with normal usage(whatsapp, wifi, downloads etc..) Using it for 10 days no lag at any point of time.. Loving it:) 




#############################PAGE-56#####################################
5 stars
Sameer Bilakhiya

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Beast unleashed - 3 days used  

 1. Amazing Battery backup and superfast charger.
2. No heating issue after initial couple of OTA updates.
3. Camera clarity is good. Remember, this is not a DSLR ;-)
4. Little heave but will be used to it after sometime.
5. Do not cry if you do not get an earphone as manufacture does not provide it.
6. Sound quality is good 


5 stars

 Rahul Vyas

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money...  

 Very good phone with excellent battery, premium looks & design, nice features and good camera. Absolutely worth it. 


4 stars

 Vinodkumar C

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Value for Money. Good Build  

 Pros :
Good Build
Great Battery
Voice quality Good with Good Loud Speaker 
Cons :
RAM should have been 3GB. 
Fingerprint scanner not so fast
Camera Quality Average. 


5 stars

 Fathima Reshu

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing phone........!!!just go for it  

 i have been using this phone nearly for a month...
Battery is the main advantage of this phone
there is no heating issue as many people say..
but phone heats up considerably while charging thats bcos of rocket charging and huge battery capacity...
camera is okay.... we cant compare with other phones of 13mp cam
but download camera mx app.... it challenges even high end mobile phones
so camera is not going to be an issue.
display quality is good.
touch is butter smooth
fingerprint scanner, gyroscope and minimizing the screen size for convienient use are stunning ppl around me...(for this price range no mobile offers these many specifications as of now)
build quality is superb
sound is crisp (both incoming call notification and listening music over headphone)
just go for it... you wont regret...:) 


4 stars

 VELAGA HARI KR...

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money!  

 Pros: 
Very decent functionality 
Good Call Quality
Excellent sound
No heating issue
Fast battery charging 
Better Battery endurance
Overall build quality is good
Better camera 
Cons:
Fingerprint function is only a name sake
Little heavier (not a big minus point) 


5 stars

 Manish Pawar

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1-Simply Amazing  

 I was researching for a month before I decided to buy this phone.
I ordered the phone through Flipkart app and got discount, but the best part was they delivered when I wanted them to.
I loved the phone, it is nice with many inbuilt features which I still need to discover.
The battery backup is amazing.
on 2% remaining it lasted for almost 2 hours where I was playing COC.
Let's pray it continuous to be this awesome always. 


5 stars
vijay alanka

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 5 star review  

 Excellent amazing features in all aspects like good processing speed and their is no lagging 
while playing games and i have used for 1 month and reviewing this product. Their is only need to improve the camera it is also looking ok but its need to be better. 


5 stars
Rahul Kothari

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 A sturdy and good looking phone.  

 Hey guys, lenovo vibe p1 is beautiful and a complete phone with a sturdy body, it hardly hangs, amazing screen although the camera is not very good but it takes quite fine photos. Overall the phone is great, 5 stars. 


5 stars

 Hrithik Anand

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1  

 One of the best phone in this price segment.
Includes fingerprint scanner, the best feature
Nice looks good build quality 
A thumbs up :) 
Pros : battery backup
 Fingerprint scanner 
Hd display
Build quality  
Cons : did not find any 


4 stars

 Rohit Malik

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Brilliant Phone  

 Hardware : Just one thing it could have and that is Gorilla Glass 4 otherwise it's a perfect phone fulfills all my needs.  
Software : And yes, not impressed by Lenovo's android updates as the phone will get android 6 in June 2016. Isn't it too late?   




#############################PAGE-57#####################################
4 stars

 shaik nagulsha...

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Mobile  

 You can buy this mobile..... 
1) Battery is good
2) look is also good
3) Finger touch also ok
4) Camera is ok
dis things... 
1) OS occupied 7GB
2) some Pre-installed Apps 


5 stars
Hitesh Sharma

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 awesum mobile  

 Overall good. 
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
+Good battery backup. Fast charging.
+Both Cameras Are good.
+Finger print reader working well.
+Screen clarity is Awesum
+Sound is loud and clear.
+Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast  


5 stars

 Vijay C

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Good one to have  

 Nice phone.. I used three offers to buy the phone at Rs.10000... For 10000 I cant think one can get a better phone than this. 
If you are not a heavy duty user,this one is a good buy. 
Go for it!! 


4 stars
AMAN AGRAWAL

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Must read  

 Rear & Front Camera is average.
Rest everything is worth money. Good phone to buy if you have no issue with the camera. Go for it then. 


4 stars
NAVEEN SONI

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 GOOD TO BUY FROM FLIPKART  

 Product is of average specification like camera ,2 GB RAM and other features are as usual in other phones.
Display, battery back up and charger (rocket speed charger), energy and data saver switch specification are superb.
Good to buy in this range from flipkart. 


5 stars

 Sudeep.G

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VibeP1  

 Fantastic product! i really like this product within minutes of use. The performance is easily visible. the best part is the multitasking on the Vibe..i recommend this product if you are a fan of a 5.5 inch screen. 


5 stars

 Abbubabu

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Nice Mobile  

 I am very happy with vibe p1.
its awesome and charging too good
and display,camera are good.
For charging it taken below 2 hours. 
Very nice phone. recommitted to busy this mobile  


5 stars
Raunak Gupta

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Premium Beast..!!  

 This is my second smartphone from Lenovo.
Focusing on the title that I mentioned for this smartphone is worth knowing. 
**Premium** 
#It has got the looks and feel of a smartphone > 25k.
#Fingerprint Sensor makes it even more stylish.
#Beautifully carved aluminium body. 
**Beast** 
#Huge battery and Fast charging (10%-100% in 90 mins).
#Corning gorilla glass 3 protection.  
Thanks to Flipkart for delivering it before Christmas.
Thanks to Lenovo for such a great smartphone. 


5 stars

 Jayesh Malondkar

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone - based on 4 days of usage  

 First of all thanks to all my previous reviewers, who helped me make this informed decision of buying Lenovo P1. 
It is an awesome phone with great specs and features. The distinct features have been highlighted well in the product description and also in the reviews of users so I would not repeat the same here. 
i would specifically point to a detailed review by Chandrakant Singh : http://www.flipkart.com/reviews/RVGDDCPOXYM7WRFO4  
I would just say, I love the battery, power, looks and finger print scanner. 
Go ahead and buy it if it fits your budget. 


4 stars

 cmm

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 A good phone to buy !!  

 I read a lot of heating issues before I brought the phone, but then after all the updates, no heating at all. Works just fine. There are a Few minor bugs like when the Wifi is on and if for what ever reason the internet is down, it still does not shift to mobil data, I guess Lenovo will fix them soon. 
The finger print sensor is not all that great, it works 5 time out of 10. but that its ok for me, that's why the 4 stars. 
The Display looks a little dim but with Full brightness its pretty good and we have super brightness option if you need more. 
About Battery, got it running for more then 36 hours (With Heavy usage).. which is good. 
Over all very good phone at 13000 prize with all the offers 




#############################PAGE-58#####################################
3 stars
Mukund Darji

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 camera not good  

 Gujrati language 
and camera is bad 
battery is good 
screen is good 
touch is good 
finger is good 
fast charging 
sound good 
cons
ram 2 gb  


5 stars

 Anish Mathai

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone... value for Money  

 This phone is all value for money. Thank you flip kart for bringing this to us. Wanted to gift this phone to my wife on her birthday but Phone reached before the scheduled date of delivery which is still fine.  
About the phone:
battery life is awesome.
Nice display
Can play high end games without lag.
Camera quality is good. More options to click selfies 
Best phone at this price. Value for money. 


5 stars

 Kannan K D P

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Phone under this Price  

 It is really a nice phone to have with us.
It has all the specs which is far more than what i have paid for.
It has NFC which is very useful for me along with the NFC tags.
Camera quality is awesome 
and Fingerprint sensor is really fast.
Stunning look.....
I have again booked this same phone for my brother but different colour silver one.
If you are looking for a phone under 20000 please do opt this phone without any confusion.BEST PHONE I HAVE EVER SEEN........ 


4 stars
Bhushan

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone with Features in reasonable cost  

 As with all good features and memory spacing and new Screen allotment of app Arrangement make this cellphone user friendly and quick boot response . 
only just keep in mind in this whole package we don't have headphone; so you need to purchase headphone Personally. 


4 stars
shwetha pramod

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Good buy !  

 Good buy for the price. It was a gift and they liked it very much.. NO prb as of now. Photos from camera has orange tinge sometime. Adjusted settings but still sometimes there is difference is color of the photo.. 
Speed is great & overall positive features. 


5 stars
Gaurav Bhardwaj

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing product  

 My previous phone was a Windows phone, however transition was seamless with this phone. It has been 2 weeks I am using this phone.  
Pros: User friendly interface, Float- button, Battery, CamCard app, Finger-print access, speaker, call record etc.....  
Cons: 2GB RAM, Little heavy.... 
Overall: Amazing I-phone like features are there in this phone. It is more than "value for money" product. I would strongly recommend this phone.   


4 stars

 RAVI Agarwal

 28 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb Battery but Heavy on weight  

 Good phone. Battery is superb. Slightly heavy on weight perspective. It could have been better if 3 GB RAM was there. Rest feature is ok. I took this because of battery point of view. Overall a Good phone. 


5 stars
Raja Tagore Narra

 27 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 Review  

 Have been using this Vibe P1 for a month now and had faced no is issues do far and had been amazing. Battery performance is fantastic and long lasting. Camera is Ok and could have been much better. Space is sufficient. Finger print reader is too Good. Ram / processor is sufficient and Fast enough. Weight and size are factors to think about. Look wise amazing ... Have already recommended to many of my friends ... 


5 stars

 Mujeeb

 27 Dec 2015 
 
 Super amazing product  

 I bought this phone through flipkart. I can't help without saying that this is an amazing product. This phone provides all features of expensive other phones with amazing battery back up of 5000 Mhz with a 4G dual sim capacity. I am a normal user of smart phone. I am getting around 3 days of usage with single full charge. It's cutting edge feature is its rocket charger. I am able to charge my phone to 100 % in less than 2.5 hrs. This sounds crazy but true. It is possible with the rocket charger supplied with this phone. The only negative i feel about this phone is it's processor speed which is a little slow compared to other expensive phone. Guys, if you buy this phone, I am sure you will satisfy with this 100%. Yes I recommended, I am recommending and I will recommend this phone to everyone!. Thanks Lenovo and thanks Flipkart !! Chao! 


5 stars
Timmy Kuthiala

 27 Dec 2015 
 
 Phone to buy  

 This is winters I admit, but have used the phone for 4-5 days now and I am a heavy user, no heating problems at all. The battery gets hot but you should expect that on turbocharging, every thing else seems to works like a dream. Will revisit my review in 4 weeks. 




#############################PAGE-59#####################################
5 stars

 Renu Raana

 27 Dec 2015 
 
 That battery....!!  

 Thoroughly impressed by the device. 
Pros : 
Metal build
stellar battery backup
Rocket charge (Quick charge)
Fingerprint reader
Bundled back cover, otg adapter and screen guard
Decent screen and cameras 
Cons :
Not so much cons as you can't really expect more for the price its offered at but still; 
Very dimly lit capacitive keys
Heavy.. a tradeoff for big battery and metal built
Finger scanner can store only two impressions
No earphones 
All in all a great device, so much so that I regret buying a moto x play before this one. 
PS: I have ordered a second one as well.  


4 stars

 Mehek

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesum phone  

 Mobile is nice and special its battery life Is gd.and feature is gud. 


5 stars

 Ramesh M

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 excellent  

 I am using this phone from its release, as specification mentioned are perfectly working, i would like to give full rating. 
Ram 


4 stars

 Jagadeesh Venk...

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent super phohe  

 i using from one month 
Good battery backup very well and Fast charging.
Camera is good.
No lagging problem at all.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is very good.
Sound is loud and clear. 
over all Good product and Value for money. 


4 stars

 Arvind Raghupathy

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Looking for a good silicone case.  

 Just ordered this. Still unable to find any good silicone/gel cases. Anyone have a reccomendation?  


5 stars
Akshata

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 Super smart phone  

 This phone is "the best smart phone" with good battery backup, quick charging and it's camera clarity, quick response of finger print reader and mainly its look make it different from other phones.... 


5 stars

 Vijay Vj

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 A good phone with good battery  

 Overall it's good phone.best battery. Best display. Little heavy but its comfortable to hold.really satisfied with the product. 


5 stars

 Rahulkumar Pal

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1 is a perfect smartphone.  

 I am impressed with features of this model.Amazing Battery backup it last for two days over internet usage and provides a large storage space for apps. The video quality is good. It also adds a great experience with high quality 4k videos. The sound quality is good and melodious which gives a rich music experience. I too enjoying the gaming experience with good gaming graphics. Support. Overall it's a perfect 4G Smartphone. 


5 stars

 Amit Panja

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Phone  

 Here is some reason, why I like this phone too much 
1. Nice design
2. Good sound quality
3. Excellent battery backup
4. Fast charging
5. Good camera
6. Innovative fingerprint lock
7. Dual 4G SIM
8. Skype video call is awesome
9. OTG adapter is included instead of ear-phone.
10.Value for money. 


4 stars

 Rahul Kumar

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone  

 Lenovo vibe p1 is a best phone in this price range, phone performance and battery backup is good, best display and camera quality etc.
Much more features in this phone.
Finally unbelievable phone....
Thank you lenovo & Flipkart. 




#############################PAGE-60#####################################
5 stars
Rakesh Prasad

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 Cool Very Well Carved. Best Phone Ever.  

 Love this beast. Does more then it says. Few things missing but hope next update for the same will cover it. 


4 stars

 Ramadhas AR

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 So far so Good  

 after the use of 3-4 weeks the product looks to be good. especially battery life is good. occasional heating problems are observed. Quick charging is advantage. Overall experience is good. 


5 stars

 Ravi Gupta

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing  

 Just used it for couple of days and I am liking it quite a bit. Its a great buy for its price range. 


5 stars
Abinash Mohanty

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 Premium looking Heavy Phone!! Thumbs up for Lenovo Vibe P1.  

 Nice looking phone from Lenovo which is very cool looking metal body phone.
The phone is li'l heavy & camera performance is below average. But the phone's battery is decent enough to make it go beyond 16hrs of usage using only heavy browsing, all time wifi on, calls, 2 or more hours of gaming. Battery is a beast in this range. Display is nice, ppl say it's li'l dim, bt i dnt feel it. It's quite pleasing my eyes with optimum brightness with FHD display. Only a word of advice when u receive the phone download d updates asap as it'll kill some bugs. Pretty awesome phone in this price range. Biggest pros of this phone is its storage facility & capacity. I was first confused between vibe s1, p1 & k3 note. vibe s1 has a great camera & k3 note is light boddied, bt p1 was good looking as well pretty decent among the three so went on for it. 5days of usage & phone is working great, let's see on the upcoming days how well it works. 


5 stars
Sailesh Sukumaran

 25 Dec 2015 
 
 awesome for proce  

 i was using samsung galaxy and due to frequent hanging i planned for new one. so i have a little researched about the phone and i fall into the lenova.  
awesome battery back up. touch is also working fine but not always but convenient than pattern or whatever. looking little overweight but it will be good for long life, for 16000 excellent 


5 stars

 Kapil Kumar

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 awesome phone  

 great phone in this price range.
Using since 20 days no problem at all.
no heating problem.
camera is just fine.
battery is enormous.can run upto 4 days on moderate usage. 


5 stars

 Kapil Trivedi

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 a master piece from lenovo  

 as a mobile user what you want from the mobile? 
Good battery backup, Good processor, Good camera, Good Screen size, Good Sound, Good multi tasking, no heating issues, no leg problem etc....
This mobile satisfied the most of it,
above all this is one of the best device at this price point which gives the value and utility of the money. Worth buying. only one thing which should be improved is the screen resolution.
Keep it up lenovo.
Above all great service from the FLIPKART. 


5 stars

 Bhumi. Arya

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome cellphone.  

 fantastic piece in its prize range,,, 
Camera is super,
Battery last easily 3 days, with full day calling , net,movies, watsapp.
just charge once and relax for 3 days. 
all other features are a superb. 
dont think before buying lenovo. 
it will give you super feeling. 


5 stars
Anupam Verma

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money and premium product in hand  

 Brought it in third week of Dec 15 @ 13800/-
Good Display full HD. Fingurtip security @ GB Ram , 13+5 MP good quality Camera and a bull battary of 4900 mAh.Quick Charge and good service from Flipkart
Very Satisfied.  


5 stars

 Rakesh Soalnki

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Lenovo vibe p1 Classic model  
2gb RAM is used for more data saving 
5000mH battery is too good. 
screen resolution is more sharpness 
PPI pixel is too good 
In build storage memory is usefull for more data saving. 
13 MP Camera result too good. 
mobile charging is too fast for time saving. 
finger print most usefull for security. 
gorilla glass is used for secure breaking display & scratching. 




#############################PAGE-61#####################################
5 stars

 Praveen Reddy

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Good Phone  

 Very good in this price range..i got it for 13.5k with all discounts and Cash back. 
Worthy phone, camera is really good. 
Few people said camera is bad but trust me its very good. 


5 stars

 Milind Jain

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome  

 Waaaaaoowwww!!
A magnificent phone with stupendous clarity, battery backup and everything
Every penny spent on it is worth.
Loved it!!!
Go get it.. 


5 stars

 Kapil Lachhwani

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Better than all other phones  

 Each and every thing about this phone i like. Batery , looks, features, finger print scanner, display, charger, camera, everything.. 
From many other post .. Clarifying , it doesn't heat . even while charging its at normal temp .. 
Its looks are really attractive. now all my frnds are thinking of buying this phone . 


4 stars

 S.Ramesh nil

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 S.Ramesh review on Lenova Vibe P1  

 I bought this instruments few days back. Camera both back & front is very good. Phone works very fast & looks elegant.Video quality is very good. 


4 stars
Vibin

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Good buy  

 Good product with great battery. Finger print Sensor is very useful and are pretty accurate most of times... 


5 stars
Vishal Saini

 24 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo P1 VIbe "Jack of all trade but Master of none"  

 "Honestly" Guys phone survived on 2% battery for 5 hours approx that is because of minor performance tweak and my limited usage off apps . (Browsing,texting, listening music) 
It purely for people who use phone for information purpose like reading texting,music,videos(Serve those people purpose with 100% satisfactory)  
Phone is well crafted and developed and indeed looks premium.  
OS is well managed and indeed it is smart (there are feature which are not even mentioned on papers) 
I request you to watch youtube video before making a purchase 
"""""""""""You will never regret on P1 Vibe""""""""""""""
 Trust me It is most "SORTED"& "BALANCED" phone in performance and Built 
Note: Food for Thoughts 
 " It is pointless to have high class feature phone if the battery not up to the mark"      


4 stars
sushil Prusty

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Other then it's very good.  

 Only problem i felt charger length is very small and very hard to plug in and plug out. Also there is no earphones ....Other then it's very good. 


5 stars

 JAYA PRAKASH R...

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 BEST PHONE TO BUY  

 I RECEIVED THIS PHONE WITHIN 2 DAYS OF ORDERING. THANKS TO FLIPKART FOR QUICK SERVICE. COMING TO THE LENOVO VIBE P1 PHONE, THIS PHONE SEEMS TO BE AWESOME. THE CAMERA QUALITY IS SO GOOD, TOUCH, SMART GESTURES AND THE PHONE'S PERFORMANCE IS SATISFACTORY. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE. ITS BEST AT ITS COST. 


5 stars

 Vinit Ashok Kore

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 one of the best mobile in this range  

 this mobile mainly includes all the things that one should get like battery backup, screen resolution, sound quality, no lag and lots more
this mobile is worth. 


5 stars

 Surjanil Das G...

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Affordable awesomeness  

 It is a flagship killer phone. It is a treat to use. I am falling in love with it. Trying to find one cons about the phone, but did not find a single one. One has to use, to understand what a superb phone Lenevo has created. Definitely owners pride & others envy.   




#############################PAGE-62#####################################
5 stars
Mahesh Agarwal

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe P1  

 Excellent phone.
Great battery life. Lasts for almost two days with moderated use with 3G onboard.
Excellent call quality and signal reception.
Above all flipkarts delivery.
over all a great phone.  


5 stars

 RAJ KUMAR

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb phone in the range of 15k  

 I simply loved it. Its loaded with features. I was very confused while buying phone for a month almost then I decided to purchase this one. Got it as part of Flipkart Year end sell and so got it on lesser price. Special thanks to flipkart service and delivery 


3 stars

 kshitij gharat

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Not too good not too bad  

 I am writing this review after using this phone for 2 weeks.
Pros:
1. Brightness is not a problem as said in the reviews. 
2. UI is heavily customizable.
3. Good security for the phone. (Secure Zone, Fingerprint)
4. OTG adapter, back cover and scratch guard included in the box.
5. Huge internal memory.
6. Features like knock to light, Micro Screen, Wide touch, etc are awesome.
Cons:
1. Battery backup is good for normal use. But if you plan playing games, this phone might be a bad option.
2. Cannot run all games smoothly. I did experience major lags in FIFA 16, NFS and Asphalt 8.
3. Sound quality of speaker is not good. 
4.After installing basic apps, the RAM available for use is 800-850 MB which causes some apps to crash.
5. Full screen caller photo feature is not good. It stretches the photo and reduces quality even if you set a HD photo.
6. Camera quality is average.  


3 stars

 Anish Kumar

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 It is just about OK  

 I bought this phone primarily due to its 5000 mah battery. I hardly get 4 hours of Screen on time. I used to get this with my 3000 mah Huawei ascend mate with a 6.1 inch screen. I have never got 2 full days of battery. There must be some issue with the phone's battery management. So, if you are buying this because you think the battery wont need to be charged on that weekend trip, then think again. 
The rear camera is positively rubbish and doesnt achieve focus when it is slightly dark or if the subject is moving (even if they are only moving slowly).  
The audio notifications turn on by themself and is always at 100% no matter what I do. I turn it down, and then check after an hour, it is again back to 100%. I dont know what I can do. 
The phone does charge in about 1.5 hours from 10-20% levels so that is a good thing. The finger print sensor works fine. The transparent case that was included was of good quality. I am not very unhappy with the phone. I would have been positively excited if the battery was as good as it was advertised to be 


5 stars
pushpendra patel

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 excellent phone  

 fully satisfied from service. It is a very short time, but I have been using the phone for more days and I found that battery is in a good condition. The problem was that it consumes a lot on standby and the fault is of the continuous wakelocks that the phone suffers.
How could I fix that?
For the moment I had to root it and remove all the chinese trash apps that I found. Hope that reduces the CPU wakelocks.
Any help will be very appreciated. 


4 stars

 Sanjay KC

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Good product worth buying it  

 Design is really good, good performance with the phone. Battery back up is very good, at morning the charge was 100% after my calls and online usage still it is left with some 30 to 40%. Very happy with purchasing this mobile. Worth purchasing it 


5 stars
Rajesh More

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone  

 Good configuration in 16K. 
Battery lasts for more than two days,
It charges quickly with in 1 Hour.
Camera Quality is good. 
RAM is quiet enough to play movies and storage with 32 GB ROM and expandable upto 128GB. Class 10 Ultra type memory card compatible.
Sound is loud and clear. 
Phone's build quality is excellent.
Big Screen with Dual 4G
No Heating while watching movies except Battery Charging.
FREE OTG adapter, Scratch Gauard and Back Cover was not expected with such good configuration. 
Nice phone, more than expected for the price.  


4 stars

 Prasanth Kumar

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Best smartphone in this price  

 Pros:
Display is too good inspite of low brightness(brigtness can be enhanced by superbright mode).
Battery can be used for full usage with screen on for 14 -20 hours
Gaming is good and decent.
Finger print sensor works accurately.
Lot of memory space(32gb internal + sd card).
cons:
Heating when charging(this bis because of rocket charge).
camera is average.  


4 stars

 HItesh Vadgama

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 smart feature  

 Smart feature application is very useful. I like it pocket security and put on hand ring decrease and mobile phone in the pocket than ring automatically increase. 


5 stars

 Komel Raza Jat...

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Not received the Invoice on Email  

 Good service by Flipkart Received on time but didnt received the Invoice on my Email Address. Kindly send the invoice's. 




#############################PAGE-63#####################################
4 stars
SRK

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Good enough  

 All the features are excellent. 
Pros:
1.Very good battery life
2.Screen quality is very good :D
3.Sound clarity is decent
4.Sensor really working well.
5.No lag and heat problems 
Cons:
1.Camera quality could have been even more better. Pictures are not so good though its having 13MP
2.Phone is bit heavy. Unable to handle it with single hand at times
3.Home button is making noise. That's creepy
4.Filled with lot many apps. That takes more RAM 


5 stars

 PIYUSH KANT

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Discover the be(a)st within!!  

 The very best in the under 20,000 price range. Here are some of the features that make it a killer smartphone in the given range : 
1) Powerful 5000 Mah battery- whereas other such devices need to be charged minimum twice a day. The lenovo Vibe P1 even with the heaviest of uses will give you a battery backup of more than 24 hours.
2) 32GB ROM- with the primary memory being big enough to accommodate scores of apps plus other data on your device. The 128 GB extended memory seems to be a deal worth more than you bargained for.
3) Fingerprint scanner- personalising your handset was never this easy, with the Vibe P1 offering you a scanner that unlocks with one touch in less than a second which comparatively is faster than the scanners of I Phone as well as Samsung Galaxy range phones. 
On top of these 3 key features you have 13 MP rear camera with tremendous shutter speed that is at par with anyone of the IPhones. With a very crisp pictures quality both for photographs as well as video recording. A metallic body lending your device a premium look, whichever doubles up in quickly dissipating the pent up heat that gets generated after very heavy usage like gaming et al. Loudspeakers powerful enough to put to shame the best of laptop speakers as well. 
The list of pros of this device is so vast that simply outplay whatever little cons it has. So don't give it too much of a thought if you are planning on buying this little beast. Just go for it. 


5 stars

 Parswajinan C

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Extra ordinary and Excellant Lenovo Vibe P 1  

 I ordered this phone on Dec. 6th, 2015and delivered by flipkart to me on on Dec. 12, 2015. Delivered before the due date. Thanks to Flip Kart 
Packing is good 
Pros:
Nice Phone, Very Good Battery Backup, Finger print scanner is good, Camera clarity is very good(both front and Rear). Speaker is good, speed charging ( 1 Hr) 
Cons:
No head set along with phone- We need to buy additionally
Heavy weight, Mike might fails some time, while we put in speaker mode 
On Charging, Phone gets heated  


5 stars

 Prabhu kumar

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone with great battery backup  

 Finger sensor is sipmly superb, great battery, no lag at all, Camera is decent.... !! Overall great deal from lenovo 


5 stars

 Gulab Suthar

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo P1Grey-Best Phone for Look, Security & Battery life  
 
About this Vibe P1. This is a very Good phone for those who want their phone to look premium, & for those who consider security i.e, Fingerprint sensor(Very fast compared to iphone) and future life(NFC). And mainly the battery capacity(Awesome).  
Big Screen - Great 5.5 inch 1080p full HD display, with great sunlight legibility
 Gorilla Glass 3 protection
Big Battery - takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery
 An awesome feature of OTG charging, with this u can charge others phone.
Big Storage - 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
Big Sound - Speaker quality is excellent
Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
Fingerprint - Fingerprint sensor is fast, 
 Fingerprint is working very well and is a very good addition in this price range. 
Dual 4G - Small Sim (Nano), 4G on both SIMS WOW 
Call quality 10/10 (noise cancellation does excellent job) in 2g u will get 3g call quality.2 hrs non-stop active call(no drops,no heating)  


4 stars

 Soma Hazra

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Product with Good Price  

 1. Battery Backup is awesome. I am very happy.
2. Camera is also good. But I expect more feature into it.
3. Screen Size and resolution are also very good. I am happy with them.
4. Other features are also good.
5. I found a problem with the phone. Sometimes it got hanged with in time of playing games, but not for all time...May be it happened because of cpu (1.5ghz) specification...I am not sure....I feel if cpu will be of 1.7ghz or higher, it would be best for us.
6. Lastly, lenovo did not provide an earphone in the box. In present scenario, this is not the best for deal. 


4 stars

 ELANGO PRADEEP

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 GOOD JOB BY LENOVO  

 I HAVE USED MOTO G 1st GEN FOR ALMOST TWO YEARS AND FINALLY DECIDED TO UPGRADE TO THIS PHONE. INITIALLY I WAS SCEPTIC ABOUT THIS PHONE AS IT DOESN'T RUN STOCK ANDROID LIKE MOTO G BUT NOW I AM USE TO IT. 
PROS:
 A TRUE BUSINESS CLASS PHONE. I AM ABLE HANDLE MY EMAIL EDIT DOC AND EXCEL WITH EASE. 
 I DOES GETS HOT WHILE PLAYING HIGH GRAPHICS GAMES BUT ITS DUE TO THE ALUMINIUM BODY WHICH CONDUCTS HEAT AND DISSIPATES SO THAT THE PROCESSOR AND CIRCUIT REMAIN WITHIN HEAT LIMIT. THE HEAT EMITTED IS STILL BEARABLE. 
 PREMIUM LOOK AND FINISH NOT TO SAY BUT BY LOOK IT COMPETES WITH IPHONE6. 
 LENOVO IS GENEROUS ENOUGH TO INCLUDE AN OTG ADAPTER. WITH 24GB (USER ACCESSIBLE) INTERNAL STORAGE, MICRO SD SLOT AND OTG OPTION MEMORY IS SOMETHING YOU NEED NOT WORRY ABOUT. 
 THE FAST CHARGER CHARGE MY PHONE FROM 15% TO 99% IN 1 HOUR AND 20 MINUTES AND BATTER SAVER SWITCH SAVED ME ON MANY OCCASIONS 
CONS:
 THE PHONE IT SELF IS VERY SLIPPERY I ALMOST DROP IT TWICE SO THE IN BOX TRANSPARENT CASE IS JUSTIFIED SO USE IT OR BE CALLED BUTTER FINGER. 
VERDICT:
 I AM HAPPY WITH MY PERCHANCE AND LOOKING FORWARD TO ITS RELIABILITY IN LONG STAND.  


5 stars

 Srinivasan V

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Mobile to Buy  

 I am really very much happy with the mobile.  
Pros: 
1) Display is very good
2) Finger print scanner is very nice
3) Sound Clarity is Superb.
4) Touch is very sensitive..
5) Awesome battery lasting for 2 days with 3 g activated. without 3 g for 3 days..
6) Performance is very cool..
7) Fast Charging- 0 to 100% in 1:30 minutes 
Cons:
1) If it has 3 Ram, no other mobile in the market can beat this..   


4 stars

 Paudan Jain

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe is Value for money  

 Most of the features in the phone is absolute value for money. I exchanged this phone with Flipkart's exchange offer.  
I have been using this phone for more than 2 months now. The bad part is that I have lost the finger print identification. It doesnt work anymore.  
I do not have any other qualms about anything else in this phone. Happy with it.   


5 stars

 mani palani

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Really Amezing  

 I am used lots of android mobiles. But now only satisfied the reason of lenovo vibe p1. The main reasons of that sanctification.
1.Long Time battery 
2.Configuration 
3.Worth of cost.
4.Good performance
5.Trash cleaner
6.Finger print
7.Pocket mode
Its is very useful to me maximum two days battery back with fully wi-fi usage. 
I am thanks to lenovo for this product. Once again thanks for flipkart for easy buy and COD in my location. 




#############################PAGE-64#####################################
4 stars

 UDAY KUMAR

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 LEnovo Vibe P1  

 LEnovo Vibe P1
Good Product ....
Worlds Fastest Charger
Large 4900 mAh Battery
Fingerprint Sensor+NFC
Good Mobile usefull...
Be Happy**** 
Thank you..
FlipKart.... 


4 stars

 mayank singh

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Budget smartphone  

 Goood smartphone in budget..
Pros. 
Quick charge
Battery
Fingerprint sensor
Display
Cons..
Heating issue
Heavy weight 


3 stars

 Jayprakash ladda

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome  

 It have an awesome look and works very nice.
But we cannot lock messages in this mobile 


4 stars

 shubham sharma

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth buying  

 Awsm phn ....finger print sensor is superb... battery is very good ... quick charge fantastic..... a little heating prblm, but that is fine . worth buying phn 


5 stars
Krish

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 best budget phone  

 great phone best buy under 20k with great features....... 
Feeling like a 30k phone great phone from lenovo......... 


4 stars

 Satish Kumar.P

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Gud performance & battery back up. Display is also very good.
Would be very better if you supply head phones too 


4 stars

 muhammad mahbo...

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 Ram 2 Rom 32 GB really awesome product  

 Dear friends
First of all I would like to say that i will not hasitate to tell you the truth or any fact (pros or cons)about this product which I have bought from Flipkart on 21st November I mean one month ago . so I am using this phone since 2 month.. I am very happy that I have got a phone whihashas big spce of storage 32gb . and long lasting non removable battery (5000mah) incredible.....my first week usage experience shows that it's battery lasted for 19 to 20 hours of using continuously I mean I had to recharge the battery once in a 24 hours ..but after weeks and till now it gives only 12 to 11 hours that was a very disappointing for me ..but what were the situation it is excellent product for every body 


4 stars

 Mani

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Good product  

 Reviewing after almost a month of usage.  
Pros:
Fast fingerprint recognition - Helps for a frequent user like me
Amazing battery with fast charging - Last for 1.5 - 2 days with just 1.5 hours of charge even with medium-heavy usage
Smooth touchscreen - Previously I was using Moto g and I find this screen to be relatively good to operate
Satisfactory camera - Few reviews had issues about camera clarity but I found no major issues with picture quality. Not the best of the best but more than enough for normal point and shoot users.
OS Features - Lenovo's vibe OS has many features that is not normally seen (or otherwise require special apps) in stock android and other competitor mobiles. For example, one touch ram clearance, user friendly app-permissions control, Data on/off drag option, cast screen, customized screenshot, mini-screen for one hand operation.  
Cons
Heavy - Hands start aching with few mins of operation.. 5000 mah battery compensates this though
Aesthetically it makes the cut with metal body.. but I feel it could have been better, especially when I compare it with One +
Lenovo vibe OS is not appealing - Compensate this with android launchers
Loudspeaker sound quality could have been better. I feel the noise quotient is more. My previous mobile Moto g (1st gen) had better sharpness and clarity.  
Overall a good product from Lenovo at a competitive price range.   


4 stars
praveen tm

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Good Product  

 Build quality is excellent. Charging time is very less. Battery backup is Verygood. 32GB storage is good enough. More than 1GB RAM is always available. Excellent fingerprint sensor. Screen resolution is good. Performance is good.  
Call quality is good. No signal drop noticed. 
Rear camera is good but not excellent. Selfie quality is ok.  
Worth buying...... 


4 stars

 Duvvuru Srihari

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 Review  

 Mobile is worth able for this price.. and performance is good. and battery backup also Good... 
10 days back i have purchased this Mobile it was really good mobile.That to there is no heating problem for this mobile. Camera is good not excellent... 
Overall mobile is worth able for this price......And good Mobile................ 




#############################PAGE-65#####################################
3 stars

 Nikunj Soni

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Ok Mobile phone  

 In this price range we can have different models now and with almost similar configuration.
This product is not up to the mark but also not so poor as well.
After using this phone for almost more then a month now, I am writing my review here:-
Positive Points:- 
Good Looks
RAM is sufficient
processing is good
no lag in the processes
multitasking is good
Fast Charging
Camera ok ok..
No heating 
Performance wise this phone is good. 
Negative Points:-
Screen Colour Resolution is dull..if you compare this mobile with another similar and low cost mobile phones you will find the screen colour resolution of other phones are much better then this phone. THE WORST THING I DISLIKED IN THE PHONE IS SCREEN RESOLUTION COLOUR DISPLAY, which should be much better as expected from Lenovo. 
Camera is not upto the mark as 13 mega pixel.
NO front flash light..however you can get the front flast light in low cost phones as well now.
Heavy Weight due to the battery as it is of 5000 mah battery, however the battery performance is only for 1 day. 
The consumption of the battery is very high. Although the charger charges the mobile within an hour but the battery is discharging very fast. it you use the internet continuously then it will hardly work for 10-12 hours in a day. 
One more thing I noticed in the phone is that it restarts by its own within 3-4 days.
not sure why this problem is coming up in the phone, just wondering the restart problem should not increase and become frequent. 
overall I can give 6/10 for this phone. 


5 stars

 Anil Jain

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone  

 Excellent phone with good battery back up..m loving this phone...specification are superb considering the price..  


4 stars

 Niranjan Sai K...

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 It has battery like a beast., but facing heating problem :(  

 Hi all,
Have brought this mobile some 2-3 weeks back. got delivered by eKart.
performance wise this mobile is tooooo good. but facing the heating problem while charging the mobile.
the temparature raises abnormally and am fearing to hold when it was on charge.
Tried charging by switching off the mobile so that no apps will use the battery but still the same.
I guess the temparature in the mobile battery crossing 60 degree celcius.
Apart from this heating problem, I am totally satisfied with its performance.
good camera.
good 3g/4g speed.
very loud speaker.
for me battery runs easily 2-3 days after using the data pack, watching movies etc. 
For your information, this mobile uses nano sim card type. as in the market we can get normal, micro and nano cards. so be aware of it. 


3 stars

 Abhishek Joy

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Just satisfied me upto d mark but over priced  

 Not satisfied as expected in this price range.  
The pros of d products are quite popular of this phone on flipkart's review section so i think no need to write about it in detail repeating the highlighting factors of the phone...  
But the few cons of the product which i found are under: 
- The worst thing of the product which i do not like d most is its MIUI the user interface of brand lenovo powered with android in this phone as it offered very lack of customizations and limited accessibility in its detailed features whereas u r fully dependent to d 3rd party apps which needs to installed from app store... For me such examples like- themes, inbuilt apps, home beautications etc.. Accept of this rest all is fine in this phone.  
Overall the device is good in terms of hardware and features but u need to think if u r crazy andriod user who can't compromise with its pre installed MIUI with OS and also according to me price is pretty high comparison to others widely available in market with hell lot of high end specifications even under 10 K. 


5 stars

 Sai Pvr

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone  

 Awesome phone, premium features. Excellent battery back up. It comes for 2 days with one time charging ( usage :roughly 10 hrs 4g and 5hrs wifi, few calls and lots of browsing and music). No heating issues except when charging, which is quite normal. Received regular updates till now,which is good thing. Expected marshmallow update by March 2016. 


4 stars

 Rabishankar Da...

 21 Dec 2015 
 
 A Phone with nice specifications  

 I have been longing for such a phone. I have a Nokia Lumia 520 which is getting me very poor performance. I saw this Vibe P1 on flipkart. I started to woo it soon as I came to learn the specification of this phone. I had to place an order on flipkart as it was not available in any mobile stores. I was skeptical about flipkart as I got some bad rumours regarding the delivery of flipkart. The sensitive delivery of flipkart has changed my mind and has me decided to buy any article only on flipkart.BIG THANKS to flipkart. 
 VIBE P1 is getting me same performance as I had learnt. Camera is average. It is neither very bad nor very excellent. I am to charge it once in a day as I, most of the time, work on it. After opening one page, I come back to the home and again when I am going back to that page it's not responding and sometimes it's getting hang and it starts misbehaving. I am experiencing such type of problem only after getting it updated for a number of times. I am optimistic and hope that Lenovo will figure out this problem and solve soon as possible. This is what I have noted. 
 I am yet to experience a lot. 


5 stars

 vikram bhat

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 wonderful handset!!  

 Lovely handset, very good speakers and sound,value for money, robust body, good battery lasting upto 3 days, has 16 GB ROM and provision for 16 GB SD card. little heavy, flip cover not available anywhere. fits only nano sim. 


4 stars
Gaurav Bhatia

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money  
  
Lenovo vibe P1 is a very good phone. Its 4900 mah battery not only gives very good battery back up, a feature called 'Rocket charging' charges the phone from 0 to 100 percent in just 1 hour. Screen size of 5.5" makes surfing net on the phone very easy. Full HD display makes screen look very crisp and vibrant.
Front camera of 5 MP helps you take good selfies and rear camera of 13 MP is good enough to beat iPhone as well. Fingerprint scanner makes this phone very secure. Inbuilt storege of 32 GB is good enough. All in all this phone is a good mix of performance and features. I have used many phones uptil now but in this price this is the best phone that one can have. 


5 stars

 Aditya Kumar

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 wow phone  

 I have purchase this phone in one month ago. I think this is the best phone in this range, fingerprint scanner is good, battery is a killer feature, charging is also very fast, phone speed is very good, camera is good. So totally phone is very excellent. 


3 stars
ajay s

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 phone is getting heated.  

 nice product for best price camera quality, fingerprint, battery works nice only problem is its getting so hot. 




#############################PAGE-66#####################################
5 stars
amit soni

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone...stunning look n feature  

 Stunning look battery is almost run for 2 days after all heavey use. Front camera is good rear needs improvement overall space is 32 GB n 2 GB RAM so any time 900 mb ram is available for work. Over all @ price tag its worth taking phone will be useful for all heavey use n frequent travelers.   


5 stars
Prince Abhineet

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Lenovo.  

 I just love the phone..it has amazing features.Lenovo vibe is totally awesome and wonderful. No doubt it is very advance in technology. 


5 stars

 Mohammed Isaaq

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Mobile with decent Price  

 I'm writing this review after the usage of 20 days.. Lenovo vibe p1 is an awesome mobile with good battery back-up and decent look. When I recieved this mobile there was some problem (i.e., whenever i recieves the call, the dialer information doesn't appear on the screen) but once i upgraded it, the problem has resolved. This is the best ever mobile with great features like batery backup, fingerprint censors and the performance. 
But the drawback is the camera. i'm not satisfied with the rear camera but front camera is good.
You can buy this mobile because i had a much experience of about 20 days of usage with games and lotsof stuff. 


4 stars
Prafullkumar Reche

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Phone's build quality is excellent. Charging completes in no time. Battery backup is good. 32GB storage is good enough. More than 1GB RAM is always available. Excellent fingerprint sensor.
Pros : 
Big Battery
Big Screen
Big Sound
Small Simm (Nano)
Dual 4G 
Cons : Front Facing Camera’s display should be more sharpness 


4 stars
Raman

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 best phone in price range  

 good in every manner just one complaint didn't got any earphones
fabilous camera quality and speakers .... 
doesn't even hang since i bought it 


5 stars

 Vijay b lalwani

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Best mobile phone  

 Best mobile phone rs 15999 very good battery backup no heating problem best phone     


5 stars

 Anderson Philips

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 AWESOME!!!  

 Awesome phone. Good battery life, lasts upto 2.5-3 days with single full charge.
No heating issue as such.
Touch sense is excellent 
The only drawback would be the phone weight, which is due to the battery size and can be neglected. 
Great value for money. 


5 stars

 Gobinath M

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone  

 Got the phone from WSRetailers y'day.
Initial impression.
1. Solid
2. Finger print scanner works well
3. Nice display
4. Good battery (charged fully last night and it shows 87% now by today afternoon)
5. better sound. 


5 stars
Husain Saria

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing phone to buy  

 Excellent phone , battery is too good, fastes charging, no need for power bank to carry , go buy this phone or you will miss the chance , I am using this phone 


5 stars

 Brajesh Tiwari

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe P1 is best lenovo  

 Very good smart phone with smart look.
Camera is very good, its a complete phone. 




#############################PAGE-67#####################################
5 stars

 Paresh Parekh

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe P1 , ultimate in sub 20 k category  

 Just got delivery of Lenovo Vibe P1. It is a mean machine. All specs are perfectly met by this mobile. One has to use this device in order to form unbiased opinion about it. Thanks Flipkart! 


5 stars

 Fakhruddin

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Die Hard Battery  

 Phone is too Good. I am a die hard fan for Lenovo. And the battery is too good. 72 hrs non stop in just 1 hr rocket charge. 
Amazing give 5 for this phone worth it.  


4 stars
Jayanarayanan P M...

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Best in class  

 Not sure about its battery backup.
Lenovo included best features for this phone like fingerprint scanner.
The great thing about this phone is its rocket charger. 


4 stars

 Jeevanteja Uppala

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone  

 This phone is not best in all,but it is good in specs
First we talk about charging,It gives good backup and 1.5 hours is enough to charge full
Display has good resolution but in sunlight little bit dim.
there is no heating problem but while charging it heats a lot.
It is a little bulky and weight
In camera it sticks to average but,front is good to take selfies 
Overall it is good and satisfied in this range 


4 stars

 Ashok

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 For mobile  

 This mobile phone is best in android phones. But, one of the bad is no headset along with this mobile, otherwise 
mobile is good 


5 stars
Sachin Talekar

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 value for money  

 value for money product and best buy in segment. nice battery backup. u can use with internet for more than 50 hrs continuously w/o charging 


4 stars

 Vaishakh P R

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 A Phone for its style  

 I bought this phone for its classy look and for this fantastic battery back up.
Pros:
~Cameras- Gives natural colors without over saturation of colors. 
~Finger Print Scanner - Makes this phone as a very high end pick.
~Audio - Loud as well as clear sound.
~Touch - Good touch response.
~Display - Excellent 5.5 FHD.
~Processor and RAM- Applications are not lagging at all. 
Cons: 
Easy to slip from hand but thanks for the back cover. 


5 stars

 Upendra Datti

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Killer Performance & Amazing phone  

 I was waiting for this phone from 2 months. It has huge battery! Dual sim, 4G, FHD display and decent processor. The side switch increases the battery life by 2 times. I just got the mobile today. I am really liking it. Will do full review after a week 


5 stars

 Rajasree

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb phone  

 Very good phone. Meets all my expectations. Camera is good. Battery life is exceptional. Prompt delivery by flipkart. Keep it up. 


4 stars

 Jayant Kimothi

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Phone  
 
Pros:
1. Good Build Quality
2. Good display. 
3. Clear Sound
4. Super Battery 
5. Finger print scanner makes this phone as a very high end pick.
6. Super charging feature 
7. Worth for money 
Cons:
1. Camera is not at its best. 
2. Expected heating while charginh
3. Sighltly heavy phone due to heavy battery.
4. In micro screen mode there problem with send button (I think software update is required).In full mode this is fine. 
Very nice phone under 16K 




#############################PAGE-68#####################################
5 stars

 Pranay Datta

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Great buy, value for money!  

 Great battery life, great features at this price - good camera, internal memory of 32 GB. 
Can't ask for more ! 


5 stars

 Amit Kalra

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Power packed phone at reasonable price!  

 Good value for money! Great looks, features.. Battery life is excellent. No negatives experienced as yet!
Plus, Fast delivery from Flipkart. 


5 stars
Manish Gaikwad

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Mobile phone  

 This Is My Fast Mobile Up To 10000 I Saw This Mobile And Check All Mobile Revew Web Side's And Shramji Review Also and I Decided To Bay Mobile Too Good Lenovo Make Very 
Nice Mobile i Like It And I Spicel Thanks Flipcart To Give Me This Opportunity
Thanks Flipcart 


4 stars
Prashant Kumar Mi...

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 An Awesome phone which ticks all the boxes  

 I was an avid Blackberry follower as regards smartphones. But with the falling market share of blackberry and broken Blackberry Bold 9900 and lack of an appropriate reasonably priced and supported Blackberry, I finally moved on to Android's. One of my most obvious 'must-have' need in a smartphone was battery power and Lenovo Vibe P1 satisfies that hunger the most. It's not a power hungry phone and please believe me when I say that, in my past two weeks of usage, I have charged in twice only. My usage mostly includes internet surfing, phone calls and mild gaming.  
Pros: Excellent design, sturdy feel, smooth phone call/record, great camera interface and great battery performance 
Cons: a little on the heavier side, hence needs a bit more protection in the form of flip-cover and tempered glass as well. 
Hope this review helps 


5 stars
Shaik yasin

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Good  

 Positive
Good performance
Finger print support
Battery long lasting
And ........ 
Negative
Heavy weight
Lagging while playing games sometimes 
Overall good 


4 stars

 Bhavin Shah

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Simply Superb!  

 Read the specs and didn't think twice before placing the order. 
Took a few hours to get acquainted with but this one is a great performer. 
Huge display, huge memory, huge battery (this should go first), great processing power... everything is huge. 
Specs. are mentioned above. Three OTA updates so far, and going strong. 
No earphones in the pack is the only thing missing. 
Just go for it!! 


5 stars

 V.L.R.M. DAMERLA

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe p1 a very good phone  

 I have used this phone for a month and I have found some pro's and con's.
PRO'S
Good display.
Good camera.
Fast did not lag till now(iam having 103 apps). 
Stunning design.
Loud and clear speakers.
Vibe ui is not bad, has good customization.
Useful preinstalled apps.
Updates are given often(got 4 updates by nuow).
Long battery life(I charge once in two days)
Fingerprint censor works very fine and very fast.
Power saving switch very useful. 
CON'S
Little heavy.
Network connection problems.
Heats over a long use. 
OVERALL
A excellent smartphone at this range.This is the best smartphone below Rs20000.It is a very good competitor for mobile phones above Rs20000 like one plus 2,YU yutopia.
I recommend this to everybody.  


4 stars
Pankul Gupta

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome 1  

 Good 1 ......best phone in a range of 15-20kk. 
Camera quality both front n rear is good.
The processor is also good with 615 Snapdragon. 


5 stars

 Vineet Malimath

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth the money  

 Phone has a big screen, good looks, excellent battery backup, finger print sensor, extendable memory. 


5 stars

 Krishna murthy

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Great phone to own!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

 Lenovo vibe P1  
Good phone, great service from Flipkart. 
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear.
- Normal electronic goods heating, nothing alarming
- 32 gigs + 32 gigs (SD Card) --> enough space for all the needs
- Screen is excellent
- Camera needs to be tested further 




#############################PAGE-69#####################################
4 stars

 Shobhit Chitra...

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 One of the Best Mobile under 20k  

 The battery life is very good. The phone also charges very quickly. Camera is ok,not for selfie lovers. 


5 stars

 Sunitha

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Awsome phone with Nice Features  

 Flip kart got the phone delivered on assured time & date on 3rd Dec-2015.The one good quality which I was looking for a long time is battery backup, camera quality is also nice.which Lenovo Vibe P1 has is nice as mentioned.
Finger print lock is also working well. Having a lot of good features yet to explore.
I think its having better specs among this range mobiles.  


5 stars
MARIE MATTHEW

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe  

 Excellent, particularly the battery and the user guide and best of all the camera.
Very happy with it 


5 stars
MAHIDHAR G V

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Good product  

 First of all I would like to say thanks to flipkart for fast and safe delivery of my lenovo vibe p1, second thanks again to flipkart because of the 10% off. I bought this Mobile for just 14399/- only. Third thanks to lenovo for introducing great product. 
This is my second order of the same mobile. Now a days lenovo is superb, with high quality, & specifications too. Regarding its fringprint, battery capacity & its backup, camera, & etc too.
Finally thanks to flipkart & lenovo  


5 stars
krushna chandra...

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Mobile at this price  

 Beautiful look
Nice Battery
Fast Charging of Battery
i like the External memory & internal memory
Gorrila glass
OTG facility
fingerprint sensor  
Really, a super duper phone 


5 stars

 Dinesh

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone go for it  

 Lenovo is a brand on which u can have faith on from laptop to mobile phones. As said this is a very nice product. Using from a month I haven't found any cons.
Pros are:
Very long lasting battery in a single charge.
Lenovo customized OS, better than any MOTOROLA phones.
Front and rear cameras are good. 


5 stars

 Mohammed Jawad...

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Best device fr Daily traveller with Executive look  

 It's a best phone from lenovo in huge battery back up category after P780.Iwas desperately waiting for new device from lenovo with bigger battery backup.This phone gave me freedom to use my device open heartedly without fearing of getting my battery drain.
Lenovo has gave beast with looks.
For daily traveller its best device to have with long battery backup and with quick charge feature device gets charged in really quick time. 


5 stars
Somasundaram M

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Look: Excellent
Battery Backup: Excellent
Sound Quality: Excellent
Camera: Excellent Quality
Other futures mentioned while purchase is up to mark, I am giving my feedback after using Vibe P1 for past 1 Month.....VIBE P1 excellent product 
Specially no heat while Internet browsing and while on call ... Gr8 


5 stars

 Rajarshi Tiwari

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Pretty good purchase.  

 I recently bought this phone, so thorough review will be later.
But the first hand experience was awesome. 
1. The build quality is excellent.
2. Battery backup (though would vary depending on use) is good.
When purchased, the phone was put on standby for 7days with
no sim card, it depleted only 15% battery. Later, with typical use,
including dual sim, 3g data, wifi gps on, (no game play) and moderately
large screen on time, the battery lasted 2.5 days (with still 30% left).
So one is hoping upto 3days of battery backup for average use.
(I immediately updated the system update, before putting the sim) 
3. The UI is nice.
4. It has unnecessary apps pre installed, but thankfully you can uninstall them. However, what was interesting to notice, that a number of third party app which many people later install anyway, were pre installed. 
5. The fingerprint scanner works perfectly.
6. screen brighness, sound quality, call quality is good, can't be complained.
7. Unlike many middle range samsung phones, it doesn't eat up the RAM, and large fraction of RAM stays ready to use for typical user.
8. Camera is pretty good for the price range, if one is not going to compare it with some goddam DSLR, or phones with twice the price of vibe p1 :-) . 
Overall, you get what is claimed. I would recommend it to others based of so far experience. 


5 stars
RAKESH KUMAR CHHA...

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth of money. Just go for purchase  

 I Just wanna say it just awesome i am using it and filling a smooth performance. The fingerprint unlock feature is just awesome and make my phone personal. The other features are also good like camera quality, gaming performance. The look of lenovo vibe p1 suite very much to my hand. 




#############################PAGE-70#####################################
5 stars

 Rana Sangram S...

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Perfect phone, with power, elegance & beauty  

 I CANT SAY ABOUT OTHERS BUT FOR ME IT WAS A WONDERFUL DEAL. THE SCREEN, THE TOUCH, THE RESPONSE, EVERYTHING IS IMPRESSIVE. YOU MUST HAVE GONE THROGH THE SPECS ALREADY, SO IT DOES THE SAME AS EXPECTED, USING SINCE PAST FOUR DAYS, NO LAG OR NO HEATING ISSUES. SUPERFAST RESPONSE EVEN AFTER HAVING ALMOST 14 APPS RUNNING SIMULTANEOUSLY. YAA I YHOUGHT WHY ONLY 2GB RAM WHEREAS EVEN COOLPAD IS OFFERRING 3GB, BUT BELIEVE ME ,YOI WILL NEVER RUN OUT OF RAM. VERY WELL BALANCED HARDWARE AND SMOOTH USER INTERFACE. IN THE PACK HEADSET IS MISSING SO YOU GOT TO PURCHASE YOURSELF. CHARGING TIME IS HARDLY 90 MINUTES FOR A COMPLETE CHARGE. HOWEVER IN POWER SAVER MODR YHE CELL CAN WORK UPTO 5 HOURS WITH MERELY 5% OF BATTERY.  
TO ME, THIS IS A GOOD PHONE TO BUY. SURELY A HAPPY CUSTOMER.
GOOD JOB LENOVO  


4 stars

 Nagendra Rai

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Best mobile in 16k range  

 Review after 40+ days use. 
Pro:
1: Battery : Its awesome, it lasts 3 days with decent usages 
2: Display: It is good and bright, Good high sensitive touch feature, three display modes (Comfort most is best for reading)
3: Processing: I have not faced any issue yet.
4: Fingerprint scanner: Fast and good, now I dont have to type / draw anything to unlock my mobile :P
5: Multiple features: Gesture control, pick a call by moving mobile near to ur ear, anti touch control etc etc
6: Speaker: Speaker output is loud and clear, ear speaker is also loud and clear. 
Con:
1: Plastic body
2: No earphone
3: Camera is decent but deal led flash is good. 


4 stars
Ajith Kumar

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing Lenovo p1 vibe  

 I am a Mobile freak.
The phone is very user friendly and looks very professional. The battery life is very good. The phone also charges very quickly. The display is amazingly beautiful.
My only concern is that the phone heats up when used for long which is common in all phones 


5 stars

 Ar. Kuldeep Singh

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Very good phone as it's price.....:) :)  

 Good in battery backup...
And also good in security system....
Better in touch   


4 stars

 Srikanth

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 One of the Best Mobile for this decade  

 Looks extremely good!. 
- Fingerprint is working very well and is a very good addition in this price range.
- First time VIBE UI experience and its not bad and the firmware update gave the option to choose Google style UI as well with app drawer --> So no complaints. Need to dig more on different features like gestures etc.
- Normal electronic goods heating, nothing alarming
- 32 gigs + 32 gigs (SD Card) --> enough space for all the needs
- Screen is excellent
- Camera needs to be tested further 
- The power button is fine.
- Slight lags in apps, here and there --> Can be ignored. Not really a problem 
Overall a great phone for the money and completely satisfied till now. 


5 stars
nilesh kumar

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 best phone i've ever used under 20k  

 the phone is working very good no problems at all, frequent updates for bugs.
speakers are good, display is crisp, amazing battery backup. 


5 stars
Saikat Chatterjee

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Go for the stunning handset!!!!  

 It's just an amazing experience to use Lenovo Vibe P1. It's most uncommon feature attracts me the most, ie., fingerprint sensing capability. Camera is good enough. And I forgot the battery, 5000amh. Dude its huge!!!!!! Love the set. Internal storage is 32gb which is also a plus point. And importantly the 2gb ram it provides. The set worths the price. 


4 stars

 Vinothkumar K

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Good but little bit heating issue  

 I had used sony xperia c. After that i bought moto X Play. But that phone was so much heating issue and battery draining in 6 hrs of 3G usage.
 So i put refund and i have read about lenovo vibe p1. And bought this phone. This is also heating but battery backup was awsome. While using 2G net the phone was heated up in 15 mins. the camera was not so good. but its ok. Lenovo brilliantly think and gave free back glass cover to dnt feel the heat problem.
 Finally if you dont mind about little bit heat and camera means surely you will go for this mobile. I have tried nova 3. Same heat available. And while charging heating was appear. So better dont use the phone while in charging. The phone will charged in 1.30 hrs. 


5 stars

 amit virmani

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Go for it  

 Really gud phone... Using this frm past 1 month its awsm battery touch and speaker
Highly recommend this 


4 stars

 Dinesh Kumar

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Super phone with extra large battery  

 Best Phone you are going to get in this price with ultimate features.  
1. Elegant design
2. Great 5.5 inch full HD 
4. 64 Octa core and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
5. Android 5.1 
6. Huge storage 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
7. Gorilla Glass 3 protection
8. Good camera in this price
9. Dual 4 G
10. Finger Print first time in this price
11. I was looking for NFC now got it. 
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000m… 




#############################PAGE-71#####################################
3 stars
SATISH MOVVA

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Performance is not up to the mark  

 I am a moderate user and the phone hangs/doesn't react very often. It would have been a very good option if the ram is 3gb. The performance is not up to the mark and i am not satisfied with it.  
The ram is over 75% used most of the times with no activity and some generic back ground apps such as Facebook, watsapp etc and some shopping apps. At times it goes close to 90% and phone doesn't react as expected. I am just using one sim on it. One of my friend also using this phone and he had the same feedback as mine.  
Many of our friends have posted positives about the battery backup, finger print scan, vibe UI, etc., i agree with them. Camera does its job. Don't compare it with SLR cameras please.  
But not satisfied with the performance. Overall, i would say that the phone is not bad and you could go with it if you are within the limits of "moderate user".  
Adding to all this, unfortunately, the phone had a display problem. I got the replacement from Flipkart with out any problem. They have awesome 30 day replacement policy and they did not direct me to the Lenovo service center which is really great!! Very satisfied with the replacement policy and Flipkart service!! 


5 stars
Ribhuraj Sarmah

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Fantastic phone  

 I got this phone just a few days back. Awesome phone! Let me get straight into pros & Cons. 
PROS:
1. Excellent touch.
2. Finger print sensor is really fast.
3. Massive Battery.A fully charged battery will last more than 36 hrs.
4. Decent features. 
5. Complete value for money at this range. 
CONS: 
No significant cons but let me point out few of them: 
1. It would have been much better if Lenovo could have provided 3 GB RAM instead of 2 GB as the internal memory is huge.
2. Camera is excellent in outdoor but in indoor you have to be careful while clicking to get the best snap. 
I would end saying that this is an excellent phone at this range. Loving it. 
Will come back with review after using it for a month. Thank You.  


5 stars
Vignesh P.N

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Another Fatastic Phone from Lenovo  

 The very first thing I wanted to share is this phone looks very beautiful.
Second thing is great value for your money.
Really fast charging
Excellent Performance
Nice camera quality.
Separate button is available for battery power saver. 
There is also small disadvantages, but it is not that much serious to discuss when compare to the advantages.
But I write that also for those who really want to buy this product.
1. Small Heating while charging.
2. in power saver mode we can call, sms, like that few options only available.
Over all about Lenovo Vibe P1- Very Good. 
Salute for Lenovo Vibe P1.  
Get it first guys. 


5 stars

 Abhijith.V.P

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 You dont need a seperate Powerbank  

 The best thing about this phone is the astonishing 5000mah battery...
With a dedicated physical button for power saving mode...The phone will last for ages... 
I'll just list the main positives n negatives... 
POSITIVES 
* 5000 mAh Battery...(u must see the expression on the face of people hearing this :D) 
* 32 GB internal storage...(No need of a SD card (Expandable up to 128GB) ) 
* 2GB RAM (Adequate for almost everything) 
* Processor ( 1.5 Ghz 64 bit Octa core enough for running the device without any lag and is doing well for gaming...) 
* Quick charging (Very useful feature...Fully Charges the device in 1 hour) 
* Power saving mode ( Doubles the battery life - Have your cake and eat it too) 
* Fingerprint sensor ( Works well..u can add up to 2 person..just place your hand on the home button to unlock the device) 
* Accessories ( Apart from the normal charger and screen guard u get a USB OTG Adapter and a Transparent Case )  
* Dual Sim (Both 4G) 
* Dual LED flash ( Forget about the over saturated images while using flash)  
NEGATIVES 
* Not Compact (Not easy to hold) 
* User Interface ( I personally hated the Lenovo UI..Well there are lot of launchers in the play store so no problem) 
* Not for night photography (Low light Photos are having lots of noise) 
* Phone is a bit heavy (187g) 
Product worth the price
Happy with the purchase   


5 stars
ramgopal sharma

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Love the VIBE P1  

 Lenovo has outdone itself with this smartphone.
The ease of Android is truly experienced in this phone. 
 And what a long duration battery. I charge once in four days for usage of upto six hours a day in total.
I have also damaged it yesterday but the Lenovo Service center is a class above the rest.
And for the price paid I think Apple 6S will have a run for its money. 


4 stars
Vamsi Krishna Reddy

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1 REVIEW  

 Hai Its working is amazing.,but i want to share the view that the mobile is too heavy when we compared to samsung s6,so i request you to see the ways to reduce the weigh tof the mobile..
thanks & regards 


4 stars

 Meet Mistry

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Buy it if u like heavy..Superb product  

 Excellent product for this price
the only complain is the camera quality during night time otherwise daytime photos have superior quality 
awesome battery back up ..amazing quick charging feature..
if you are looking for a good and a little heavy smart phone to suit your hand for around 15k ..u shud go for it definitely...  


4 stars
Sachin Jadhav

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Nise phone of lenovo .powerhorse  

 Awesome phone.fingerprint is good,look is nise.powerhorse.camera quality is so good .owerall good..phone.only problem is that accesorry is not available at the momement. 


4 stars
Manush

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Beast in the range  

 The box contains a charger, screen guard, OTG adapter and user manual with warranty card. As mentioned in various review, the battery is 4900 mAh which is awesome. The mobile when unpacked it is with 35% charge and after normal usage of 1.5 hrs the battery drained to 20%. I plugged in the charger and mobile reaches the 100% charging in 1 hr 10 mins (in switched off condition). Hope this is good enough speed. The charge withstand for 24 hours with normal usage for internet (with Wi-Fi), mid and low level games. The camera, do not have too many features. It has only Normal, panorama, HDR. The camera quality is good enough in natural and bright light. But is low and very low light we can see too many distortions with flash. The picture quality when transferred to PC was with normal pixilation and good color saturation (when the picture is zoomed to 150% we can see too many pixilation). Also the image which is taken with 2X zoom is also with lot of distortion. The front camera, also produce good selfie in natural light. The picture quality is ok in normal room light. It is good enough for skype chat. The overall camera quality is good but not excellent and this phone is not for photo / selfie lovers. There are many features like, finger print locking, double tap wake up screen, double press volume key to take picture, make screen smaller for one hand use, floating button short cut keys, flip to sleep, flip to mute, smart answering call, voice input, voice command (in google) and much more, which all makes the phone smart. Other things like, Call quality Touch and smoothness of the phone is good. In general this phone is good enough for low range users and it is good value of money in midrange spec phone. 


4 stars
Bansshi Nanamma

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Happy with Lenovo vibe p1  

 Fantastic phone..powerfull Battery .... thankss to lenevo... im satisfied with vibe p1
quality phone...iske alawa koi phone itna achha battery backup nhi deta.. 




#############################PAGE-72#####################################
4 stars

 Achintya Jain

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone in this price...  

 I had read lot of reviews which complained about battery heating while charging. I did not face any issues in it, provided you keep it on proper surface while charging. 
Rest nothing bad about it. Camera quality is average. But not at all a bad deal when you are able to use phone for around 1.5 days on single charge which includes good 4G use and light weight games and messaging. 
I really likes the features designed by Lenovo and screen touch is so smooth. Moreover, you can switch between the Vibe and Android theme at any point of time. 


4 stars
Mufaddal Johar

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Best in this price category  

 Great phone at a reasonable price. The most amazing feature of it is the battery backup. A good 1.5- 2 days without charging is all you want. The camera is fine. Features like NFC , Fingerprint sensor , rapid charging is quite brilliant. So all in all an amazing buy.! 


5 stars

 Thukaram vaddde

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Product  

 From The last 2 months i am using this mobile. It's battery back up is good and finger print gesture working awesome. 


4 stars

 Dr. I. P. Sinngh

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Good value for money  

 After my experience with lenovo p780 which I bought on the very day it was launched here in India, I was a bit hesitant to buy lenovo phones. Then when I decided to buy new phone, my colleagues and friends were pitching for lenovo note k3. Then I did my research and online reviews were full of praise for this phone.Since my main concern was battery life & solid metallic I went for this phone. The phone arrived after 3 days, I opened it and found that
Pros:
1. Solid metallic build.
2. Super battery life, lasts a full day with single charge.
3. Fast charging.
4. Fast microprocessor, no lag, although I am not into gaming thing.
5. Nice Corning gorilla glass, I haven't put on any screen guard.
6. Nice voice quality.
7. Extendable memory 128 gb
8. Both sims 4g compatible.
9.
Camera with dual tone flash, although not best in the segment, but does its job nicely.
10. Nice display 
Cons:
1. Heavy
2. Size a bit bigger, although screen size can be reduced but even then big is big. Not suitable for single hand use.
3. Battery doesn't last for ages, one charge lasts a day even with heavy use, it should have been more.
4. Charger quality not good, charging knob too tight for phone, I changed that. 
Vedict:
Overall a very good value for money, feature packed phone. 


5 stars

 Kalyanakrishnan R

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1 Excellent Features Very Good Performer  

 Fingerprint Feature is very good
Battery Life is very good
Battery Charging time is Fast
Large Display is Good
Camera coverage and shoot is very good with 16 M
Expandable storage is advantage
Flipkart Review process is pathetic.   


5 stars
srikanth

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Review  

 The mobile is nice and i am very much satisfied with the product.Thank you Flipkart.
It has many features which i liked very much. 


5 stars
Parveen

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 - Amazing  

 The mobile phone, I was searching ends when I found Lenovo Vibe P1. It is so nice phone. Battery life is outstanding. I recommend to buy, Phone is so fast too. Look of the phone is nice. Phone charging capability is outstanding. Phone charge within one and half an hour. It charged quickly - it has rocket charged. 


5 stars

 Sunil Kumar

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 A Lovely Device  

 I was really confused whether to buy Vibe P1 or Vibe S1. But made up my mind to buy P1. Received a faulty device from flipkart. Got a replacement after a few calls . 
Coming to the device, Vibe UI is really awesome. It has a lot of features which a stock ROM doesn't have. Camera quality is good in this price range.
Battery is really looonnnggg. Has a good backup.Charges within 1.30hr. Has a lot of bloatwares preloaded. But the advantage is that you can uninstall them. Fingerprint sensor is sensitive but takes a bit of time to open,although its OK. The sound quality is really great.  
It is the best phone in this price range. Go for it. Never have a second thought. I'm proud of it ;) 


4 stars
Sujai Narayanan

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone  

 Very nice phone within the budget.
Good processing with superb display & also has enough internal memory so that memory card is not necessary. Even memory card supports upto 128GB. Battery back up is also good. 


5 stars
akshay kapdoskar

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 superb mobile ,class in design  

 While comparing P1 with a moto x play ,iam glad I made ideal choice.its worth in terms of value of money and competitive and tech edge built up hardware .thanks to its huge battery and rocket charger.I really thinks its worth buying for me.as I was spending this much amount on phone for the first time.thankd to flipcart for its fast and secure delevery, 




#############################PAGE-73#####################################
5 stars

 Ezhilenthi Ram...

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Product  

 Pros
1 Battery
2 Nano sim
3) Metal body
4)4900mhz battery if you remove all unwanted apps from start up it last for 2 days with normal usage
5 Vibe ui
6 Camera
7Fast charger
8 can be used as power bank to charge other phone
9 Finger print scanner than my iPhone 6
Cons 
Bit heavy but its not deal breaker  


5 stars

 Siladitya Sarkar

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 I am using this phone for more than a week now and indeed its a great buy. 
Battery back up is superb.
Camera is also really good. 
Well done Lenovo and I am happy with this phone. 


5 stars
Vijay Bharti

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Phone Value For Money  

 Phone is very Good.
Fast Response
Great Performance
Little Heavy but manageable with the battery Backup.
Sharp Display
Fast Fingerprint Response 


4 stars

 Shubham

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome....the best phone on the price range....  

 phone is awesome, battery is awesome. Pick if you are focused about battery. Camera isn't that good but workable. the proximity sensor doesn't work. 


4 stars

 Husain Chitalwala

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Overall Good  

 The Phone is very good given the money factor. Finger Print Scanner, Huge Battery, Decent Processor, Big Screen, Decent Camera, Good Display. What else can you get in this price? Though the battery is not as good as it seems. It lasts for 24 Hours approximately. The charging time quite good. It charges from 5% to to 100% in 1 Hour 45 minutes when switched on and 1 Hour 20 minutes when switched off. 


5 stars

 Anshuman Bhatt...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 An excellent all-rounder.  

 This phone is an excellent all-rounder & one of the best phones in sub 20K price bracket.
Pros- 1. Out of the world battery backup.
2. Fast charging, takes around an hour to fully charge.
3. Excellent build quality.
4. loud speakers.
5. Good display.
6. Good performance. 
Cons- 1. Average camera.
 2. Speaker is not stereo . 


5 stars

 Soubhagya Ranjan

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice looking phone with little lags  

 The phone is very good in
Look
Ram management
Screen
fingerprint sensor
Speaker
Battery 
There needs to improvise in
Camera
heavyweight 


4 stars

 shiva g

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Budget phone with best battery  

 Good budget phone, who wants to have battery less drained even after using WiFi for 9 hours a day.
Quick charge facility is awesome. 


5 stars

 Ajish Kutty

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 One of the best phone till now :)  

 Awesome phone... Beautiful design. Battery is a beast. No hanging issues or any sort of lagging. Only issue I faced is the heating up of the phone while charging and the heavy weight of the phone because of the big 5k battery. Rocket charging is also really good,20% to 100% in an hour,plus a very useful battery saving mode button on the left side.Overall a real good phone. 


5 stars
vinodhpandian

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Mind blowing Phone  

 When I bought this phone I had a little doubt in my mind but after seeing the performances I will go for another one awesome and cool phone thanks to flipkart and lenovo 




#############################PAGE-74#####################################
3 stars

 Noel Christoph...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good....Could be better  

 Pros: 
Solid 2 days battery life
Look wise Its looks like high end phone .
One hand operation is not possible
Cons:
 Bulky for it size 
Sunlight visibility is not good 
3GB RAM could have make it a better deal 


4 stars

 Sanju M V

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1.awesome smarphone  

 All the features in this smartphone is class act. Be it Battery, Display, audio quality. The camera is the only one which looks above average. Rest, this smartphone is the phone for the smartest people..Go grab one !!! 


5 stars

 Asir Moses Raja

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good One  

 Lenovo Vibe P1 review: Superb battery, ‘rocket charge’ make this stand out.
Lenovo P1 comes with a 4000 mAh battery and a new Rocket Charge feature which offers ultra fast charging for this giant battery.
Smartphones have got smarter. They do much more than they could a couple of years ago. But the phones we used before the smartphones came around, did leave us in the constant fear that we will run out of juice before we reach home or just when we have to make an important call. The fear of a dying battery is without doubt the biggest fear of the smartphone generation. But are we finally nearing a fix?
Lenovo Vibe P1
Lenovo has over the past couple of years sold at least two phones that have left their users satisfied on the battery front. Now, it is upping game with what it calls the ultimate business phone, one with a 4900 mAh battery. 


4 stars
Mallarvannan mu

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Sturdy value for money  

 Hi, I have used the phone for more than a month. good value for money phone.
Quick charging jumbo battery, lasting for several hours .Display good. No heating complaint
except during charging. Only camera is average 


5 stars

 vikas chandela

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Phone  

 a very nice phone , look is also very good , screen touch is also very smooth. value for money. internal memory is also very good. 


5 stars

 GARVIT MAHESHWARI

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone under brand lenovo  

 At the price available this is a best ph anyone can get specially for the battery almost 5000mh battery.Its slight heavy as compare to other phones but if u can ignore the weight issue then u will definitely like this phone.Camera gives u a good quality pictures both front and rear,2gb ram is good u will not get hang issues but lenovo should have increased this to 3gb,overall its a good ph. I bought this ph bcoz of battery backup if u r not using internet and once u charge battery to 100% it will last for almost 3 days and if u r using internet and doing all stuff it will not need next charge until 24_30 hrs.I have been facing no heating issues while playing videos ,games or charging as other reviews shows. The last thing I want to tell is that battery is big so some people might think that it will take more time to charge but it comes with a rocket charge option which will charge ph from 0-100% in almost 70_80 min. 


5 stars

 Tamal Bhattach...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 SUPERB SMARTPHONE  

 LENOVO Vibe P1 is the only smartphone that delivers the all needs and features of a smartphone cost about 60000/- at just Rs. 16000/-. It has 5.5" HD display, fingerprint scanner, lollipop, dual sim, 32 GB internal memory, 2GB RAM and lots more. What else you need? Everything is here.....Lenovo you rocks... 


5 stars

 T N Anand

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth the money  

 For the the prices of Rs. 15,999, this product is really worth buying for the RAM, chipset, and Screen size. 
Pros:
1. Updates: So far 3 updates from Lenovo and definitely that is a good support from their end. 
2. Speaker: Audio is really clear and also the speaker volume is quite high. The placement of speaker at the bottom is really good design (instead of a back speaker).
3. Lags: No lagging and no hanging either.
4. Battery: This is the best part of this. What I wanted was a good battery backup and definitely it lasts longer.
5. Resolution and Display: They are really good for this midrange phone.
6. Charging: Turbo charge mode is excellent and gets 100% charged in 1 hour 10 mins.
7. Overall: Other features like flip to mute, finger print security, double tap to wakeup, OTG adaptor, etc. are really excellent additional features. 
Cons:
1. Camera: In bright light and outdoors are very good. But indoor/dim light or photos taken in the night are not good at all. Not much features 
2. Heating: Battery heats up while charging.
3. Water proof: It is not a water proof device.
4. 4G: It is only a 3G device. 
I would definitely recommend this phone if you are planning a midrange phone... 


5 stars

 D Praveena

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent mobile  

 It is a very handy mobile with longer battery, great volume with all reasonable features. Undoubtedly, the best mobile in this range. It's weight may be ignored with all other great features 


5 stars

 shubham negi

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 buy if you want to use android as per your wish  

 Awesome phone..
I was a nexus 4 user..wanted to buy a budget phone.but new nexus phones are way too pricey then similar specs phones..things and standard features i wanted in my new phone was 5.5 inch 16/2gb minimum..and most important one was a good battery  
I had 2 competitors..vibe p1 and moto x play 
I was really inclined to moto as for brand value but went for lenovo as it had turbo char
ger included..and really..it didnt disappointed me 
My review is 
Pros: 
1.Flipkart delivered phone in 3 days..ordered on thursday delivered on sunday morning...
2.awesome looking phone.
3.Big battery...i had full 3 g on with gps whole day and go out..still had battery left when i reach hotel in my trip.so no need to find charging point anywhere..just charge from 0-100 %in 1 hr 20 min flat..and enjoy fully during day..such big batery is definitely for those who want to enjoy all features of android without worrying about battery
4.Brightness is good..no problems outdoor
5.Otg cable works good
6.I have 2 sims and one 32 gb sd card..
7.Vibe ui is good too..you can change launcher and have different look by theme options too.
8Camera is good outdoor and macro mode for close photos are very good
9Additional powersaving switch is also useful..
10.Sound is really loud
11.Cell broadcast can be stopped in broadcast msg settings
12.Screen is very good.
13. Turn to mute ,touch to wake feature
14.wide touch...micro screen function for one handed operation.
15.no overheating observed with normal use..
16.fingerprint sensor is good.
17.securezone for managing secure docs
18..got 3 updates in 15 days..so lenovo is caring.. 
Cons..
1. Back is very slippery..when use given case seems large to hold..be careful.
2.camera is not very good indoors.but outdoor pictures good..noise increases on zooming..but selfie cam is good with fill light option..useful..
3.heats during charge..but that occurs with every phone..my nexus 4 used to heat more than this....atleast we should leave our fone aside for 1hr 20 min .its good for our eyes too 
My advic
e: must buy if you want to use all features of an android as per your choice of time..not decide when to use phone by battery level...you will never have to take your charger outside your home ...use bindass..  




#############################PAGE-75#####################################
5 stars

 vijay chawda

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 I love my P1  

 Good mobile with specification and UI is also good and budget friendly 
I search so many mobile and buy mi2 prime bt not satisfy with that and after that i book P1 when i received this product wow it's amazing thanks flipkart for all. 


5 stars

 Diwakar Tiwari

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Best smart Phone with a great price  

 Very good...Awesome...!!! Great battery.. great display..great camera...great finger print scanner...great look...!!! 
Good phone with a great price
I have booked this mobile through flipkart and got delivery within 3 days.
The mobile is very good to use with very fast RAM.
The picture clarity is awesome. The front and rear camera both are good.
The sound system is also good.
The phone is getting charged very quickly within 15-20 mins with the super charger.
I'm charging it once in 3 days ..
Good phone to buy ...
It's a bit heavy to handle.. but worth for its battery backup. 


5 stars

 Arun J

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money  

 Pros
1. Excellent build quality
2. Display is superb
3. Battery last more than a day, 8 hours of continues usage and 17 hours of stand by time
4. Rear camera is OK
5. It has NFC 
Cons
1. Front camera is not good, even some bellow 10k mobile has good front camera 


4 stars

 Rajesh Bhawsin...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe p1  

 Very good mobile with huge battery, no need of power bank. Camera is very good and good looking item. Result of front camera is also good and two gb RAM sufficient. 


4 stars

 Shekar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Good phone  

 I have been using this phone over a week now as my daily driver and here is my review. 
Excellent thought by Lenovo to provide a crystal case and a screen gaurd and i was just blown away by the packaging wasn't expecting awesome packaging for a mid-range phone. 
Pros:
1) phone come pre-installed with all essential software 
2) Excellent screen 5.5" 
3) awesome battery lasts over 3 days with heavy usage(only reason why i bought this phone)
4) average camera but better than most phones in the price point.
5) snappy phone thanks to the processor.
6) 32 GiGs memory along with external card support more than anybody could ask for
7) pictures taken from the primary camera has some bit of noise in low light (nights) but forgiven as the phone gives more than I ask for.
8) Smooth interface comparable to the premium phones or even better.
9) charges the battery faster than most phones with fast charging options
10) box comes with USB/Micro USB adapter just awesome 
11) looks very very premium design theme seems to be a copy of HTC one. 
Cons:
1) few might find the phone bulky but for the large battery it offers (i really don't care if it feels heavy)
2) Very tiny charging cord / data cord I would prefer a bit longer.
3) Sim and micro SD card access is quite finicy to reach there is chances of breakage if not careful while accessing/ removing.
5) Does'nt come with pure Android.
6) OS updates / not sure if lenovo continues to provide OS updates.
7) Only comes with 2 color options 
All in all its a heavy usage smart phone comparable to Nokia's of yester years.  


4 stars
Sebastian AT

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone  

 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility, Fantastic design, Good processor and RAM, lag free, Android 5.1, 32GB ROM, Gorilla Glass 3 protection, Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera), Dual SIM 4G, Fingerprint sensor, great power backup and powerbank to other devices, excellent Speaker  


5 stars

 Vibin D

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Hi  

 I'm using this around 3months, Really superb, better battery and good performance 


5 stars

 Prashant Singh

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Phone , worth for money  
 
I used it for a month and half till today. As it is my secondary phone, I did not do much calling. 
I liked VIBE UI as many features are similar to iPhone.
With nominal calling (1 Hour) and 2-3 hour Wi-Fi video streaming, battery lasts for 2-3 days at least.
No heating issues while charging or during usage, nominal heating should be ignored, even my iPhone heats up more than P1. 
Battery lasted for week with no calling at all and daily 1 hour streaming over Wi-Fi and with GPS On.
In last 10% battery u can easily survive for 1-2 hours or more.
As the SIM am using does not have Data plan, can’t provide feedback on it.
One of my friend also bought it, with daily heavy use usage (Calling + Data + Wi-Fi), it lasts for 1.5 days at least. Not sure about his usage details.
Camera is too good, but not as great as we expect from 13MP camera. But is it better than any 20K plus phone camera. Overall satisfied. 
Finger print scanner works flawlessly.
I liked Micro screen feature the most. But WhatsApp is not fully compatible, so I don’t use WhatsApp in Micro screen. Its VIBE UI issue.
Phone did not hang or required restart till date.
It catches low strength Wi-Fi networks that iPhone can’t.
Loudspeaker is real loud, thumbs up.
Little heavy , but its okay for 5.5 Inch phone.  


5 stars
Utsav

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe p1.... Simply the best in its class  

 It lasts 2 days of heavy use with 3g,
It feels sturdy and premium
Camera is good but not outstanding
Very smooth and has enough ram... U don't need 3gb n real life
Finger print sensor is very good
Screen and touch are great...... 
GPS lock is almost instantaneous
Don't think twice if battery is of concern  


4 stars

 Vipul

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Rocket vibe!!  

 A very +ve point is a huge battery and second thing is rocket charger!! I love it!!!
And in this price phone is excellent... 




#############################PAGE-76#####################################
3 stars

 DEVENDRA MITTAL

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good battery, bad GPS  

 It has a very good battery back-up and you can charge the completer battery in 1 hr using the charger provided with phone.
The biggest concern is GPS. It has only A-GPS which needs internet connection to detect your location. So you can't use it with offline maps. Even in online maps, as it uses internet connection, many a times it takes times to detect your location so it can't be used for navigation. 
It would has been great device if it has come with glonass and beidou. 


5 stars

 Pramod Kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Wonder in My hand  

 Its a wonderful handset with high capacity battery and finger print reader. Works like butter. Look is very premium. 


5 stars
Shafin Lakhani

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe p1 is the best phone  

 Great phone, battery is superb 
Fantastic design
Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
Gorilla Glass 3 protection
Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
Fingerprint sensor is fast
Super battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery
Can be used as a power bank to other devices.
Speaker quality is excellent  


4 stars

 Anil kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone in this price range  

 I have been using the phone from last one month and i had no issues with the device.
The VIBE UI is smooth and the ability to use the default android launcher is an added feature.
The battery of the phone almost lasts for 2 days with minimum 2 hours on call and almost always wifi on.
The camera is good with decent photos in the night and the front camera is excellent for the selfie fans.  


5 stars
Darji Vishal

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing and Superb  

 The Phone is Very Good. And It has Ver Good Camera and Delivered Speedily.
Superb. It has Silver Color and Come with flip Cover. The Camera is Very Good than any other model. It has 32 gb memory which is very useful for installing many application. 


4 stars

 Savitha Kumari

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Product, Amazing buy at this price.  

 Using the phone for past two months, I can say the experience is amazing. 
 The nearly 5000mAh battery is extremely handy and is envy of other high end gadgets, so is the rocket charger that comes with it.
Camera may not be great but captures decent quality pictures. 
The phone could handle heavy games and was able to have many app installations running without much problems. 
The only con will be the weight of the set, close to 180gms it is on the heavier side. But then again a 5000mAh battery will surely be a heavy phone. 
It is an amazing buy which is priced low to capture markets, if you have thoughts of getting an under 25K mobile phone, go for this.  


4 stars

 Saurabh

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone!  

 Very nice phone in this range..Pros are: 
1.Great battery life
2.Good display
3. Good looks
4. Good performance 
Cons: 
1.Camera is not that great but then good camera phones charge a bomb!
2. Heats up while charging but cools off quickly too 
All in all a very good phone in this range. Definitely recommended! 


4 stars

 kevin soni

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone in its class  

 Would like to review the product after 1 week of usage.. - The box contain a charger (with the cable which can used as USB cable aswell), screen guard, OTG adapter and user manual with warranty card. As mentioned in various review, the batter is 4900 mAh which is awesome. The mobile when unpacked it is with 35% charge and after normal usage of 1.5 hrs the battery drained to 20%. I plugged in the charger and mobile reaches the 100% charging in 1 hr 10 mins (in switched off condition). Hope this is good enough speed. The charging get stopped automatically once the charges reaches 100%. I can experience noticeable amount of heat when charging (should be approx 55 degree Celsius). The charge withstand for 24 hours with normal usage for internet (with wifi), mid and low level games. The camera, do not have too many features. It has only Normal, panorama, HDR. The camera quality is good enough in natural and bright light. But is low and very low light we can see too many distortions with flash. The picture quality when transferred to PC was with normal pixilation and good color saturation (when the picture is zoomed to 150% we can see too many pixilation). Also the image which is takem with 2X zoom is also with lot of distortion. The front camera, also produce good selfie in natural light. The picture quality is ok in normal room light. It is good enough for skype chat. The overall camera quality is good but not excellent and this phone is not for photo / selfie lovers. There are many features like, finger print locking, double tap wake up screen, double press volume key to take picture, make screen smaller for one hand use, floating button short cut keys, flip to sleep, flip to mute, smart answering call, voice input, voice command (in google) and much more, which all makes the phone smart. Other things like, Call quality Touch and smoothness of the phone is good. In general this phone is good enough for low range users and it is good value of money in mid range spec phone. 
After all i m very much satisfied with device. 


4 stars

 Rahul Patil

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 review  

 Friends, if someone hv to buy a smartphone up to 16,000/- , This is the Best device in that price segment.....
Awesome Device, huge battery back-up ever-seen, also a fast charging... 
user interface also good... Camera & picture quality also best...
nice experience to watch HD videos songs and movies... 
one request to Lenovo, plz provide the Headphone/Earphone with ur device... 


4 stars
Sweta Gunnabathula

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good to buy  

 I have booked this mobile through flipkart and got delivery within 3 days.
The mobile is very good to use with very fast RAM.
The picture clarity is awesome. The front and rear camera both are good.
The sound system is also good.
The phone is getting charged very quickly within 15-20 mins with the super charger.
I'm charging it once in 3 days ..
Good phone to buy ...
It's a bit heavy to handle.. but worth for its battery backup. 




#############################PAGE-77#####################################
5 stars
Vipul Udeshi

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Awesome Phone with great features. Beats all other brands within range.
I would recommend this phone genuinely as it gives you the value for the money spent. 


5 stars
Mehul

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Phone with great battery  

 phone has a rocket charging facility which is great as it is required for a phone with battery of 5000 mph.
Also battery last for more than one day.
Finger print recognisation is also very useful. 


5 stars

 umesh yadav

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Smartphone...!!!  

 Very good...Awesome...!!! Great battery.. great display..great camera...great finger print scanner...great look...!!!  


5 stars

 Pankaj Kukkar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone at nice budjet  

 I am using this phone from a month and now i feel that i am ready to write some review about the phone.
Pros:
1. Battery backup
2. Performance
3. Excellent configration
4. Flipkart delivery was fast
5. Value for money
6. Better phone with good brand at this price.
7. Rocket charging feature is awsome 
Cons:
1. earphone does not come with this phone, we have to buy seprately
2. Heat from backside sometime when i charge the phone. now a days almost all the phone has this issue. 


5 stars
Sachu

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing phone  

 It's battery life is very nice & camera also. It have fingerprint scanner which is very precisely works 


4 stars

 suraj kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe p1 is so good phone its brilliant quality  

 Battery backup is so good than other mobile sound quality is so good phone is so nice 


4 stars
Shahnawaz

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone with a great price  

 The phone is really superb...only thing which i dint like was the sim card tray its really hard to get the things at place, and the notification was not shown till the time i am not opening the app like whatsapp or facebook. Other than that it has got a really superb battery backup which i am able to enjoy for almost for a day and half. There are no heating issues neither there is any lag or delay. 
Overall a good phone in this price point. 


4 stars

 Love Bhawsar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Look With Gr8 Battery Life  

 I am using this product from last 10 days. The killer thing about the phone is its BATTERYYYYYY... it last for 1.5 days for me i am a heavy user with 5 POP mails 6 messengers i play high end games like ASPHALT 8, REAL RACING, NFS MOST WANTED, for 2-3 hrs a day. along with many other softwares the phone didnt even lag. now i dont have to download applock thanks yo its fingerprint scanner. The only thing which i am worried about the weight its a bit heavy but i am trying to managing it. but overall for me its 8/10. 


5 stars

 suresh kumar...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Truely a powerful and stylish handset.  

 The handset is as powerful and stylish as promised. 
Lenovo did a great job in designing this handset in metal which is really awesome. 
I am immensely satisfied with this handset and give a 5 star rating to both flipkart and Lenovo. 


4 stars

 Blessing Newman

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Go for it !!  

 Ordered it on the first day of its release and it did not disappoint me. 
Pros:
1, superb screen quality
2, Comes with screen guard and screen cover, so u do not need to spend additional money.
3, superb battery life
4, superb camera
5, video recording is too good 
Cons:
1, Not that great sound quality
2, no ear phone 




#############################PAGE-78#####################################
5 stars

 Bhanu Prakash

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 amazing phone  

 The phone looks good.I have used about 2 weeks.I observed no lag.I have also played games like modern combat 5,sniper fury,Fifa 15,brothers in arms 3,Gangster vegas. There is no lag while playing and game runs smoothly.multitasking is also great.Sound from speaker was very lound and clear.Fingerprint is very responsive.It is the only phone having finger print in its range.Battery was awesome.Very fast charging and discharging is slow.Camera was average not so impressive.I got 4 system updates till now.Display is also good.I think 2GB RAM is sufficient for this phone though you do lot of multitasking you can get around 600 MB free always.Overall it is the beast in its range 


4 stars

 Ganesan Sree

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Good Phone from Lenovo  

 Battery back up is chance less.even its can withstand for three days. Touch screen feels are good. Overall i feels happy for the phone 


5 stars

 KANNAN KG

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent one  

 working very good for me day one onwards.
long hour battery , decent performance . enough picel camera. all together good package for the money from lenovo expeciting quick updates of latest google android updates.. marsh...  


3 stars

 Yashveer

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 It's okay.  

 Phone is stock Android. I had Zenfone 5 previously. Compared to its performance I can say that the phone lags, use an App and get back to main screen, you'll see a loading page. Camera quality is poor, no options in Camera not even a Timer! Zenfone had a Rich UI. I could move pics, Videos, Create folders in the gallery on Zenfone. Smart phone is about convenience. This phone doesn't provide that. 
Phone is heavy.
Though the main feature of this phone is it's battery. 
Battery lasts long, really long enough and the phones charges quickly. That made me buy this phone.
Sound quality is fantastic.
Call quality, WiFi reception are good. 


5 stars

 Mihir Shah

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for Money!!  

 Awesome phone at an awesome price!! 
After using Xiaomi for a while can put down the comparison below:
Pros:
1. Battery life is the best
2. Fingerprint scanner works like magic
3. Speaker sound quality is very loud and clear
4. Looks like an expensive unibody phone when used without case
5. Decent camera for a budget phone 
Cons:
1. Vibe UI is relatively not as polished as MIUI (occasional lags experienced) 
2. Screen brightness is not as good as Xiaomi's
3. Xiaomi phones have better call quality 
All in all a good experience so far with this phone! 


5 stars

 ANKIT AHUJA

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 AWSOME PHONE MUCH BETTER THAN ONE PLUS X!!!!!!  

 This is the best phone under 16 K  
1. Great design, sleek with metallic body.
2. 13MP camera is up to mark and suitable for this range.
3.Great Dolby Atmos Sound, Crystal Clear Sound.
4. 5000MaH Battery back which give almost 2 days battery back
5.IPS Led Screen which work even under sunlight.
6. smooth touch and fingerprint works 9/10.
7.Must be inbuilt with 3GB RAM instead of 2GB.
8.No lagging and No Hanging.  


4 stars
saye shravan

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 thanks about the service  

 ya ...your service was good my new lenova vibe p1 is awesome ,extraordinary battery life...with 2 gb ram is amazing... its beauty is its finger print locker....thank u flipkart...we love your service 


4 stars
satish verma

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Overall good phone  

 Performance is good & build quality is excellent. fast Charging completes. Battery backup is good. Excellent fingerprint sensor. Screen resolution is good. smooth operating. 
Call quality is good. No signal drop noticed. No issues with Wifi reception.  
Rear camera is good but not exceptional. Takes a bit of time to switch from camera to preview and back. Selfie quality is acceptable but K3 NOTE better than Vibe P1 
Apply the latest firmware update to get rid of "News Alerts" issue. 
Overall a clean job from Lenovo. Happy customer I am! And so a 4 star not 5 just because of front camera quality. 


4 stars

 SOMNATH PRADHAN

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone below 15000 as on date  

 I had researched a lot for purchasing a smartphone below 15000. I zeroed on this model as it has all the latest features with GG3. Flipkart delivered the product at Vizag on the 3rd day. With my surprise, Lenovo had packed a OTG adapter, transparent back case and a scratch guard also. Scratch guard is not reqd. for GG3 although. Inbuilt themes are not that much attractive. Lenovo should update it. One extra switch on the left for power saving mode is provided. 


4 stars

 Ka Jam

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 brilliant built, mega battery  

 using this phone since 10 days and its satisfying the purpose of x-tra battery backup ( 2 days minimum) and brilliant built quality of lenovo. though u may fel it bulky or heavy but then that weight gives u a fulfilled purpose. good screen display and excellent finger print sensor. 




#############################PAGE-79#####################################
5 stars

 Vishal Jaiman

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 the big boy !!  

 With its premium features / specs, mammoth size battery & quick charging capabilities, it checks all the boxes for value for money. Without any doubts, I can vouch for its worthiness in this price segment. 


3 stars

 Tarun Gupta

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone in this range well build, but not as I expected  

 I am writing this review after 2 weeks of usage, so here are my thoughts,  
- Build quality is very good, but it slips from hand a lot. 
- Battery backup is not that great, it works same as a phone with 3000mah, it last for 15-20 hour with moderate usage, and 10 -12 hours with heavy usage.(including night hours when phone is ideal) 
- It charges at a very less time 90 min approx for a full charge in off mode.  
- Lots of settings for app permission, I have not changed any but found that it stops everything like Data + wifi when the phone is locked and you won't be able to get any notification till you unlock your phone by your own.  
- The camera is below average in low light and fine in daylight(front + rear), pics are shareable. 
Note: I m facing an issue with its battery, in the very beginning it turned off at 5% without any notification that battery is low and then there is no way you can on the phone except putting the charger, Then after a few days it starts shutting down at 15 % and yesterday it switched off with 25% battery again without any notification of battery low.  
I think I got a defective piece so filled a return, hope seller resolve the issue asap 
Update : my phone got replaced as its touch was not working, now looking forward for the good result without 42 MB update(this update sucks) 


4 stars

 mustafa cutler...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 very good  

 this lenovo P1 is very good phone and value for money. if you are planning to buy a phone with value for money then this is must 


5 stars
Ashish Yadav

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 its very good phone of lenovo and bettary backup, functionality is great.
its had good quality of camera and camera functionality. its processing fast 


4 stars

 Asad Siddiqui

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone with Massive battery  

 well when i was about to purchase Vibe P1 i did an extensive research on the phone and all the reviews from Flipkart users helped me a lot so i thought may be i should write one too. 
i owned a lenovo K3 Note and it was worst of my Smartphone experience so i did research before buying Vibe P1 and it paid well i am going to write Some pros and cons hoping someone may get benefited from that. 
Pros
Excellent Battery - to be clear i am a very heavy User, i am trader and i have to open a Trading Software for almost 12 hours and all my old phones were drained after 4 or 5 hours but Vibe P1 battery last for almost 11 hours with continous usage and playing games in between all my work. 
Camera - some of the users said here that camera was not up to the mark but believe me it is great, i am not a selfie person but still i click pics of mine for instagram and it is awsome both Front and back camera. 
Internal Storage - This phone comes with a 32gb storage which is way more than phones in this price range 
Fingerprint Sensor is vast and accurate 8 out of 10 times 
Excellent design 
Cons 
Sometimes when using Chrome or instagram or some other heavy app phone get a bit slow and the app has to be forced close. 
Screen resolution - the screen resolution is a bit low compared to the other phones in this price range 
overall the phone is great for 16k and you should go for it if you looking for a phone in this price range.  


4 stars

 Ayub S H

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good in this range  

 Best mobile in this range with good camera clarity and performance one more added advantage is internal storage of 32gb 


5 stars

 Jerry

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone  

 Superb phone. Long battery life...
1. 5000mah , its a 200% battery life .
2. camera is nice + fast , duo tone LED flash
3. loud ringtone + nice clear headset
4. duo sim 4G + SD card
5. sensitive finger print sensor & unlock the phone from sleep.
6. rocket charging tech
7. 5.5" FHD
8. very smooth Vibe UI . 


4 stars

 Ruthvik

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone with decent looks  

 Looks premium. Performance is good. Overall very much satisfied. only remark is overweight because of giant battery but can be compromised for the performance.. 


4 stars
Mohsin

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Attractive Look  

 Shape - Very good than expected.
Weight - compatible
Screen - Wide and clear ( I am Sony user before, I feel touch is good as it)
Battery amazing 
Finger Print Sensor work perfect
Nice phone ( more than expected for the price)
Giving 4 star for now., After full usage probably can give 5 


5 stars
Mac

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone  

 Superb battery back up.
Ultra sensitive touch.
High end processor.
Good camera quality.
From a brand like 'Lenovo'.
Price withing the budget. 
What more will anyone need from a smartphone..:) 




#############################PAGE-80#####################################
4 stars
Al

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Jack of all trades  

 The Lenovo Vibe P1 Pros:
Great battery
Reliable fingerprint scanner (a little slow to respond, but faster than typing in a code/pattern)
Responsive and smooth screen transitions 
Cons:
Audio quality is not fantastic, especially with headphones.
Camera is ok for the price range, images were better on my previous phone, Samsung galaxy S3. 
Its a good mid-range phone and value for money - don't expect the build quality to last more than 2 years. 


5 stars
Raj Kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 A Perfect Business Phone ( Power Bank )  

 I am writing this review after 2 months of usage....
Really a perfect Business phone. No worries about battery back up. No heating problem while speaking and also in charging time. No hanging when using multiple tasks. 
Screen calrity - good. 
Camera - not bad.
Finger print scanner - excellent
Battery back up - excellent 
Really very useful....I love it....  


5 stars

 Praphul Kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone  

 Worth every penny!! 
Screen clarity is good with full HD.
Good battery backup. Also Fast charging. Big relief for me :) 
Fingerprint is working well.
Dual 4G
Best deal in this range. Value for money. 


4 stars

 Dadapeer a

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 best phone in its range  

 Pros:
Good performance
Fingerprint scanner
RAM
Good UI
Battery 
Cons:
Phone gets heated up a little bit which is OK for me considering the Pros it has 


4 stars

 jj

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 An allrounder with good battery life  

 Must buy if u care for good battery life,smooth interface,decent specs ,accurate finger print scanner and enough space for heavy gamings .can expand to 128 gb too.i am using 64gb no lagging and to sum it an allrounder in current smart phones ..thumbs up for flipcart for their prompt delivery as promised and good discount offered when i bought.. 


4 stars

 Atul Aman

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Hand on Experience with Lenovo vibe P1  

 Pros:
1. Battery is really impressive.
2. Easy usage interface.
3. Sound quality is loud but awesome. 
4. Camera both front and back is of good quality. 
5. Full HD display is also worth. 
6. Calling and reception is quite good. 
7. Strong built is also an advantage.  
Cons. 
1. Phone is a bit heavy.
2. The phone cover is of poor quality.
3. No headphones were provided.  
Overall, a good purchase in the given price.  
Thank you!!   


3 stars

 chandan Kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Regarding Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Lenovo Vibe P1 Phone is over all good. Its camera capacity is good.Its Picture quality is very good.Overall its feel you good. 


5 stars
Narender Gautam

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Review on Lenovo VIBE P1  

 The Lenovo VIBE P1 is an excellent product. Prior to this I was having Samsung Grand, and after using it almost three years I was fed up with battery problem, hang out, memory, and slow processing. Since I get Lenovo VIBE P1, I have got rid off all the above problem. The main feature is its 4900 mArh Battery, which provide me service throughout the day in internet mode and still at the end have more than 40% remaining. The picture quality with 13MP back and 5MP front camera are incredible. Due to 32GB internal memory and 2GHx processor, the speed of processing excellent.
I am really happy to have it. 


4 stars
rajesh Kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe p1  

 good mobile, with a huge battery,nice speakers. with more features getting at this price is really superb. Assume experience in having it. 


5 stars

 Anil kumar SN...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 supurb mobile  

 Good, long battery life, good clarity in photos, look wise supurb ;) 




#############################PAGE-81#####################################
5 stars

 ujjwal kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome product.....  

 Truly it's awesome product, i bought this product on the same day of launch. Generally I don't buy anything without reading Product review, but was one exception. but i am really happy with it's features. battery life is too good, beyond my expectation, charging is also too fast (Racket Charger). got my system upgraded to 5.1.1 as i started my cell. 
Thanks to Flipkart also, delivered within 3days (i was not expecting this fast). pleasant surprise on Diwali occasion.  
Great buying experience.  


4 stars

 Punit

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone  

 Good phone... battery is good and last for almost 2 days for me.  


5 stars

 Arvind Ramu

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Jumbo aka Vibe p1  

 It's a wonderful phone, best battery backup, speaker audio quality and signal reception always full. Camera needs some tweaking.  
Timely updates from Lenovo got atleast 4 updates all incremental. By far it's a jumbo phone with 4900mah battery.  
Go for it and you won't regret 


5 stars
Arun Hosamani

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone  

 Phone is Good. The Battery Backup Is Awesome Overall I love This Phone.
Camera Quality is best & Phone Is Very Smooth , Fast 


5 stars

 Navneet sojitra

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 I Love Vibe P1  

 Its a amazing device and very high speed device.This is a wonderful. 


5 stars
suchit chaudhari

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 i am very happy with lenovo VIBE P1  

 very nice phone. 
camera 13mp and 5 mp,
display also very nice, 
touch all is very good. 
battery backup - 3 days.
internal memory 32gb.   


4 stars
kamal kant sharma

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe p1  

 approx features as per note k3 but look and battery life so good with fast charging and battery life run net regular 2 day and without net 3 days loud speaker so good clarity and processor so fast 


5 stars

 Sanjay Gandhi

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Smart Phone  

 Very good good smart phone in this price, long life battery, gorilla glass, power safe mode, good camera, NSF,,,,,etc 


4 stars

 KANISKA BHATTA...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone-Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Very handy,good battery,charges very quickly,is very lightweight,has a very good display,battery life is good,scrath proof screen,I LOVED IT 


5 stars

 Midhun Kumar G...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 awesome battery life..  

 pros 
gets full charged within an hour. 
fastest finger print scanner 
clear and sharp display
cons 
a bit heavy  




#############################PAGE-82#####################################
4 stars

 Ashish kumar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Every thing in nut shell  

 I bought it two weeks ago. It's good phone indeed. It's best mobile who is looking for good battery backup and sort of all-rounder phone in every field. 
Camera is not great what I expected but overall good. 
Display is nice and vivid.
No hanging or lagging so far. It runs Asphalt 8 without any hiccups.
All connectivity like Network, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth are working great. 
Design is little bulky and heavier. 
I faced some heating issue while charging but it's okay. Nowadays every smartphone heats. 
I have given star based on my personal uses. 
Camer 3.5
Battey 5
Display 4
Perfomance 4
Design 3  


5 stars

 Ashish Mittal

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 5 star for lenovo P1  

 using the phone from 2 months overall good performance I give 5 star for screen, sound quality and wifi connectivity....... 


5 stars

 Dr Pranesh sarkar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome  

 I have ordered this excellent mobile on the very 1st day. Well,at first I was little bit confused about buying it as I was exchanging with my old galaxy note ll with lenovo vibe P1. But after getting this mobile I m really very happy with this product.
 Pros: huge battery life. I play games, access internet, msg, call, watch videos, songs and it gives me 2 days service without any fail. Plus its rocket charging facility gives max 2 hrs time for full charge.
 Other specifications such as finger sensitive unlock is good feature with this price limit.sound quality is also good.
 Cons: the camera quality is not so good.phone is little heavy(maybe due to huge battery) 
As a conclusion I must say that this mobile is a must buy who are thinking of buying a new mobile. Go and buy it my friends... 


5 stars

 Srinath

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 VERY GOOD  

 Experience with this phone is very good. comparing to powerful specs of the phone, camera could have been even better. Buying experience on flipkart till now was cool and easy. 


5 stars

 Parag Kenia

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone in the price range  

 I have used series of brands. Nokia, Smasung, Asus, but I find this phone to be best.  
Your phones has hundreds of features but what is the use if you can not use them on time because you're running out of battery. You're lost and want to use GPS but can't as it will drain battery, want to see movie while traveling but can't as it will drain battery....  
Now fear no more with Lenovo Vibe P1. This will allow you to do all that you want and more..... It goes without charging for 3 days on moderate use. Moderate use includes wifi almost all the time, Mails, Whatsapp and occasional movies, games and camera. 
Looks goods, Fingerprint sensor works like charm, good power saving features. All the loaded programs can be uninstalled so no bloatware. Seriously the best phone I've used so far. 


5 stars

 Jadupati Barka...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone  

 Excellent phone. Have a very nice camera. Excellent battery backup. 


5 stars

 saikiran

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 very nice product with good futhers  

 Senairs are laid ery nice product and worth of mny compared to other brand mobiles .the battery back is awesome. The turbo charging option is very useful I am getting my phone fully charged with in half an hour. The sensors are also working perfectly. All over the product is nice comparing from other brands. You can't get in other brands with sane futhers with this price . buy this product.   


4 stars
Fahim Ansari

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe P1  

 The only problem is heating issue while charging rest its fabulous gadget. 


4 stars

 Sagar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 best in class  

 Fantastic design
Good processor and 2GB RAM
Android 5.1
Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
Gorilla Glass 3 protection
Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
Dual SIM 4G on both SIMS
Fingerprint sensor is working
Great battery life
charge within 1 hour  


5 stars

 Cebe Chakarava...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Awsome Experience  

 i bought it a month back. Impressive battery.. While my friends battery drains 40-50% ...Mine just 10%.
Perfomance and UI -Great
Features - Awsome
Im noticing a lag in contacts part. Not quick
Camera is OK..not as expected
little heavy
Quick charge is awsome 




#############################PAGE-83#####################################
5 stars

 Hemant Gupta

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 ultra good  

 very good phone n amazing built quality which is rather not expected from lenovo or any other phone in category. 
as expected out of humongous 5000 mah battery, backup after heavy usage is very good, which is also the stand out point for this phone. 
though a bit big n bulky to feel in beginning, but ultimately settles well in hands n pockets without any complaints what so ever. 
only minus point is that there is no app drawer as default with andriod os, which many times is bother some. 


5 stars

 Bahubali Bidkar

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone  

 Thanks to flipkart, to deliver the product in time.
Lenovo vibe is a good smart phone. 
Camera is good, battery back is more than 1 day, after continuous web surfing.
Speed is good. 
Overall lenovo vibe P1 is a good smart phone, to choose who wants battery back up & smart anderoid phone with all basic advance features. 


5 stars

 Stephen Neil

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 No better phone at this price!!  

 After using a Sony Xperia ZR for a little more than 2 years, I was looking for a replacement and Sony was not considered because of budget constraints!! I had to choose between the Sony Xperia M4 aqua dual, the One Plus X, the Moto X play and the Lenovo Vibe p1!! And, I ended up choosing the vice P1!! 
Advantages :
-HUUUUGE battery - 
easily lasts more than 36 hours with high usage and with low usage it can go till 50 hours.. 
-Audio quality - 
Coming from a Sony, I desperately needed good audio, especially being a musician, well the Lenovo vibe p1 has impressed me very much indeed! Sounds awesome and at the same time is twice as loud as the Sony! 
-screen - 
The 5.5 inch screen is huge and looks good too, with 401 ppi!! 
-camera - 
The Lenovo vibe p1 has an awesome camera but the awesomest pictures come out only in God lighting conditions!! The 5MP front camera is a huge step up for me, coming from the VGA camera in the Sony!! The rear camera too is very good, especially good in bright light.. 
-no lag - 
-low SAR levels -  
Disadvantages :
-low light photography - 
-vibe UI isn't very interesting -  
If you need a phone which does everything well and yet does not run out of battery at the end of the day, this is the phone for you!!! 


5 stars

 Pramod BS

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Good mobile with great battery backup!!  

 I was using XOLO1010 for almost 1.5 years and i was facing severe battery problems, Then i thought of switching to a mobile with great battery life, From past 6 months I started hunting for a mobile which meets my requirements like *Great battery, * RAM 2gb < and good processing speed. 
Thanks Lenovo for releasing such a great mobile!!! 
Here are the pros and cons after using this mobile for a month: 
Pros:
* Battery backup 
* Good for gaming.
* HD Screen.
* CPU performance ( I have installed around 40 Apps even though i don´t feel any performance lagging.I have tested running 15 apps simultaneously but i did not face any hanging issues. ) 
Cons :
*Price :( 
I am not satisfied with camera - especially white balancing and lighting correction function is not up to the mark! 
Finally, We know that the smart phone trend is keep on changing, I you are looking for a fully featured and a decent mobile within 16K, you can go for this !! 


5 stars

 Vijai Meda

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone in that price range  

 I have purchased this phone 2nd Nov 2015. I had seen some issues with touchscreen in the initial days. The touch screen failed to respond correctly so I have determined to return it and requested for a return, in the meantime there is a new software patch provided by Lenovo which I have updated immediately and after that I have never seen any issue with the phone apart from the fact that it is a bulky and heavy. So I cancelled the return request and been using ever since. Here is all my experience with this phone. I am a very heavy user of phones, so naturally I use this phone very extensively for all activities. These are my daily activities on this phone, I watch news, youtube for 1 hour, listen to audio songs for about 1 hour, games for more than 1 hour, occasionally take pictures, my office activities, checking emails etc. 3G, wifi and bluetooth are always on, in spite of all these the charging comes for around 2 days with one 1 full charge. 
 1. Battery : Charges very quickly with 3AMP charger, comes around 2 days with heavy usage
 2. Display : Good display unit, though the brightness is not up to the mark and the brightness is way less when compared with other phones in this range.
 3. Camera : Decent image quality, not the best quality.
 4. RAM : 2gb is enough, but 3gb should be ideal.
 5. Ergonomics : The phone is very slippery in hand, if you dont have a back cover then the phone is likely to slip from your hand quite often. Luckily Lenovo ships the phone with a back cover. The design of the phone is good though, but looks bulky and heavy in hand. The phones thickness is on the heavy side.
 6. Doesn't come with a earphone.
 7. Some unnecessary bloatware installed.
 8. OS is Android 5.1.1 with lenovo customizations, not very attractive though.
 9. Price is on higher side, should be around 12K.
10. Phone does not get heated so easily, but with 3G on and in outdoors the phone gets heated quickly.
11. Does not lag so easily, but you will see lags for sure.
12. Audio quality in the loud speaker is good and very good with a good earphone.
13. 32GB memory is good.
14. MicroSD card can only inserted in the second sim card slot. So either you can use a second sim card slot for a second sim or a microsd card but not both.
15. The phone slipped from my phone for around 8 times now from significant height, but did not see any problem until now, had a scratch on one side of the phone though.  


4 stars

 Debashis Kar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 You can buy it  

 Very much satisfied with it. Large Battery 5000mah 2GB RAM... Overall a good buy. 


5 stars

 RAKESH CHOUKSEY

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 is best phone in the range of 16K smartphones  

 1)Auto brightness for below room light , seem not bright enough , i prefer increase a bit.(system bug)
2)The battery life is so good. U cant finish your battery in 1 day for very very heavy use.
3)I personally feel the camera is great and serves my purpose. Plus I am not a camera freak. Must have taken hardly 20-25 pics in last one month. The clarity is great(9/10) in outdoor light. Also, Camera app works fine. 
Those who further want to improve camera quality may use Google camera app. Heard it further improves the image quality.
4)fingerprint scanner's quality is much better than expected in 16K phone.
5) Good network connectivity with 4G dual sim. 


4 stars

 Piyush thakkar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good product  

 Nice product by lenovo at this price and special thanks to flipcart for additional discount. 


4 stars
Jithin John

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 awesome product from lenovo  

 Pros:
Excellent battery 5000mah
 finger print unlock working well
Great music experience both in headset and loud speaker
Cons:
Average camera clarity 
Worth for money.. 


5 stars

 Praveen Panchu...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1a42  

 Good phone nice battery backup and good performance I love it 




#############################PAGE-84#####################################
4 stars
Narendra Vallabha...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Perfect Phone And Value For Money  

 This phone is a champ if you are looking for a good battery back up.
Super quick charging and long battery life.
One drawback is it gets little hot while charging but not while using it. 


5 stars
Ram Avtar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Cell phone is really superb  

 Everything starting from looks to working is fantastic. Long battery time and loud sound quality, along with clear display are among the few features of the phone. Really worth a buy. 


5 stars
mk verma

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Looks great  

 Loudspeaker is Good. Clear & loud. 
- Battery is amazing 
- Camera quality is not that great tho its 13MP.
Over all the phone is great for day to day usage. Looks Great feels great. 


5 stars

 Subhayan Ghosh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Recommend everyone with five stars and thumbs up.  

 Simply superb. I bought the phone by Flipkart on October 2015. It got delivered within the given time. Packaging was excellent. As described everything was in line. The phone with lollypop os, octacore processor and 5000 mah battery is awesome. So as Flipkart with its packaging and delivery. Also the transparent back cover was highly sturdy. Simply a five star and thumbs up. 


5 stars

 KOMAL

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Phone to be used  

 Its really nice to have this cell phone. The touch, battery time and moreover, the quality of pics and music is really awesome. The voice is loud. Its amazing to work with the touch. 


3 stars

 Ninad

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Ninad  

 Hola. My experience with the Vibe p1 was quite contrary to the other reviews. The phone is a breeze like to work with. Quick responsive and rapid. Also the camera was quite spectacular to my liking with the dual tone flash acting as a potent aid. 
The major glitch tho was the fingerprint sensor being abrupt. It wasnt good enough and worked just 3 times outa 10. Also the device is not a gr8 looker as it is made out to be.  
Overall a decent phone with cracking specs and good camera 


5 stars
Imran

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 The Unbeatable!!!!  

 Awsome phone with unbelievable features. Super battery backup.
I did booked it on the day of launch blindly by seeing the specifications and this product keeps my hope.
Even 5 rating is less for this phone but can't rate more than 5:) Just go for it.. And flipkart delivery was very fast:) 


5 stars
Rajesh Upadhyay

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Features  

 Best phone ever i used with strong Battery pack ,HD ,DualSim with SD card overall best smartphone. 


5 stars

 Janakaraj J

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1  

 Nice mobile for this price.. No doubt to buy this phone. Good battery backup.. No issues as of now.. Thanks Flipkart for your next day delivery for my location. 


3 stars

 Pankaj Purohit

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Phone with Massive Battery Life  

 Bought this Phone after some research for mobile under the price range.
 - Battery comes smoothly around for 40 Hrs with mixed usage of Internet, Music & gaming.
 - Camera feature is Ok not a great from Lenovo.
 - Had some trouble with using NFC with other branded mobiles & it didnt work :( 
PS : Within 2 weeks of the Mobile Usage the i got display problem & the RGB combination of the display doesnt work properly and it gives wierd yellowish display. 




#############################PAGE-85#####################################
5 stars

 ARBAAZ

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 BEST SMARTPHONE IN THIS PRICE RANGE  

 the smoothest phone i ever had 
+ Fantastic design
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Lesser SAR values (compared to predecessors)
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery
+ Can be used as a powerbank to other devices. 
in one word
JUST GO FOR IT 


5 stars
Vineet Yadav

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 Nice user interface
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear. 


5 stars

 Bharath nivas

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe P1  

 I buyed this mobile on Diwali 16k this is still now I din luk any problem it's awesome to use camera awesome it too good while compare to one x , HTC , Samsung j5 . I like this mobile its can compare to iPhone its equal to that.... 


5 stars
Nikhil Manjarekar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 osm phone in med. budget  

 osm phone with gr888 specification...using from last 1 month and till date n any issue faced...heard about android 6.0 update coming in march'16..super duper excited abt tat... 


4 stars

 Jomy Mathew

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best for the price  

 Pros:
*Charging completes in no time. 
*Battery backup is awesome. 
*32 GB storage is more than enough for me. 
*Excellent fingerprint sensor.
*Can be used as a powerbank to other devices. 
Cons:
*Have some software issues. Not able to update the software. After downloading 215MB update it shows a message that 'Not enough space to install update, please delete some data.' but i have more than 20GB ROM & more than 1GB free RAM.
*Camera is good but not excellent. (Takes a bit of time to switch from camera to preview and back. Selfie quality is acceptable.)
*Feels a bit heavy. 
*Gets warm with moderate to heavy usage. 


4 stars

 Ajay S Malige

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth It  

 After using it for a month im reviewing it.This is the best phone u can get at this price.
Pros:
 Battery
 Finger print scanner
 Large Screen
 good body
Cons:
 Display 
 No Ear Phone 


4 stars
ASHA RAO

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone  

 Good phone. Nice features. Good battery life. One can choose the phone blind folded. One of the Best phone ever used 


5 stars

 kiran

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 The Power king arrives  

 I m using it since a month.
In one word, its awesome for its price range 
lenovo rolling frequent updates once a month and expected to roll out android marshmallow soon.
screen clarity is awesome 
gaming is good 
I see that many are saying camera is ok.it not ok its a decent good camera with good focus and post processing.I clicked many cool images and selfies with it. 
lenovo has done a good job overalll 


5 stars

 Gagan Grover

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 A massive battery phone for lazy buds !  

 To start with.
Its a phone for lazy people who charge there phone only when its about to get switch off.
A massive battery phone with fast charging.
and it does not even weight more.
Its just like any other phone in respect of weight.
1)All metallic body adds premium feel to the device.
2)Battery is awesome. gets a lil hot though but only while charging.
3)Camera is okayish.
4) inbuilt storage is enough.. 32gb
5) A finger print scanner is an add on and it works pretty well.
p.s - you get a free cover too..:) 
Flipkart delivery is awesome as always ! :D   


5 stars
Jubin Thomas

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth for money  

 Good looking phone.good battery backup,camera and features.no heating problems.phone is heavy because of metal body 




#############################PAGE-86#####################################
4 stars

 Mohammed Kaleem

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 @ par oneplus 2 and more  

 I was looking for a phone which is at par with oneplus 2. Immediately lenovo launched vibe p1. I immediately persuaded my friend to buy it. He started comparing and found it to be better choice in his budget.(got it for 14399) after 10% discount)
Speaking on configs.
Finger print reader can store 2 finger prints where one plus 2 stores 5.
Ram 2gb, this was only thing I was expecting more.
Internal memory 32gb more than enough compared to one plus2 64 gb. Where one plus 2 did not memory slot where as this 128 gb memory slot.
Huge battery 4900mah. One plus 2 no where near.
Phone acts as a power bank to charge another phones.
Volume is good when compared to another lenovo phones and specially Asus ones(volume less phones)
Camera, screen, flash and everything else normal. 
Hope you found the review useful.  


5 stars

 Raunak Rathour

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Really Amazing Features  

 First of all I am very happy with the battery response of LENOVO VIBE P1 as it solves all my battery backup problems with 5000mah. Also its picture quality is very good compared to any phone with same camera resolution especially front camera gives me a edge on other while taking a selfie. 


4 stars

 Mukesh Patil

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Not bad option  

 Good features and performance. Flipkart service is too good.Charger is awesome, truly charge mobile within 45-50 minutes. 


5 stars

 Stephen Hanson

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 A very good mobile phone  

 From day one the p1 has performed well. Its battery performance is exceptional providing me with at least two whole days of use on one full charge and the charging time is so fast. There are no heating problems although the phone does warm during charging although this is to expected due to the battery size and rate of charge. Build quality is excellent it has a premium feel and despite its size it is easy to operate. The display is sharp and colour is fine. The sound produced is clear and the volume is very good. The cameras are fine with no lag on focusing and give good results. At 16k the phone is excellent value for money its gives me everything I want from a mobile phone and more. Thumbs up to Flipkart for the first class delivery. 


5 stars
Arijit Saha

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Beast on Bang ...  

 BEST HANDSET UNDER THIS PRICE...Excellent built quality, metal body feels premium...most importantly battery backup is so good beyond the expectation... 


4 stars

 .

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 good and decent phone  

 as this phone is described it is same as the description. i recommend this phone to business users who always complaints about battery backup and storage problem best phone in reasonable price. not recommended for people who are looking for good camera quality camera is average overall i give 4.5/5 to this phone. this phone is totally recommended by me for the persons who are in business fields,an at lastthis phone is very beautiful too 


5 stars

 Makwana Rohit

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 AMAZING EXPERIENCE BY LENOVO VIBE P1  

 WOW, THIS MOBILE PHONE IS MY BEST MOBILE PHONE BY ANOTHER MOBILE PHONES,AMAZING EXPERIENCE,SUPERB MOBILE,I LOVED LENOVO VIBE P1... 


4 stars

 Birendra Kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 ELEPHENT BATTERY  

 BEST PHONE IN THIS SEGMENT ....NO NEED TO WORRY ABOUT BATTERY ....NO NEED OF POER BANK ...GOOD CAMERA NOT THE BEST ....FINGER PRINT SCANNER IS FAST...SPO OVER ALL NICE PHONE WORTH MONEY 


4 stars

 Arul

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Very good product from lenovo  

 I bought this product a month back. It works really well without any prob so far. 
1. Design and quality is very good.
2. Battery back is good  


5 stars

 Pravin V

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Performance  

 As Expected- I was using Lenovo's P780 before, it was giving me 2 days battery backup with 24 hour usage of Wifi and calling. 
I'm using this from around 22 days- It has 5000Mah Battery, which gives me same 2 Days battery backup with 24 hour usage of Wifi, calling as it has 5.5 Full Hd Display, NFC, 802.11 a/b/g/n/AC dual band, fingerprint and 2 GB Ram, all consumes lots of battery, still getting 2 days battery backup, which I was Expected. 
Phone doesn't get hang, I installed Asphalt 8, Unkilled, implosion etc. 
Charge in just 2 hours, contains fast charging. but avoid using phone when charging as it gets heat up. You can check on lenovo's blog too, this is normal. 
Doesn't heat when you use mobile normally. 
No regret. If you are looking for good battery backup mobile, must go this. 




#############################PAGE-87#####################################
5 stars

 SUNIL EJ

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 blockbuster battery  

 I have purchased a month ago am rarely charging it...features are also great like a 30-40k samsung smart phone..go for it if u want loooooong battery and big screen with HD resolution...Cameras are good. 


5 stars

 Prajot Wankhede

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe p1 awesome...  

 Buy lenovo vibe p1 exactly before 1 month, here is my review...
- excellent build quality
- tough enough for Durabilities
- never hangs up as 2gb ram is enough to use
- vibeui launcher never feels deferent, user-friendly.
- finger print sensors working best in this range of phones.
- I charge my phone exactly after 1.5 days after. Constantly using WiFi...
- bit heavy & big to handle, depends on person how big he is
- required some updates in the beginning, but after that's its feels like a cream.
- I never have heating problem like other users said. (I'm not working in air conditioned cabin)
- if sold on retail outlet outside flipkart this phone will boom in the market.
- only 1 word... Awesome... Thanks. 


5 stars

 Souvik Mandal

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Big Vibe P1  

 It is a great phone among other smartphone.
I shall give 5 star for it's battery backup. Ram is also sufficient for all work and good processing speed also appreciable.
But negative point is it's big structure
Bulky in nature and not so slim. And all apps are in front screen. But according to the hardware configurations I shall give 8 out of 1010. But for look and point of uneasy handling I shall give 5 out of 10. 


5 stars

 Sunil Kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Very ausome phone.....  

 Very good phone in this price range. 5000 mah Battery gives backup for three days without internet and with 3g it gives two days. Camera quality is good. Finger scanner works nice. 


5 stars

 Prashant

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 excellent product  

 Its value for money. Excellent product features Battery, Display, Sound quality, Preformans good. Overall Lenovi Vibe P1 is Excellent mobail 


5 stars

 Neerar Jayan

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Really a 5star  

 Great mobile with 5000mAh. It is really true that it doesn't drain for 2days I've tried it. Great gaming experience, fingerprint sensor, selfie cam and Full HD display rocks.  
Just the camera quality is not better but good. Every other spec on this phone is awesome. 
Great phone for low price. Go for this, than spending more on samsung, Sony, HTC for the same spec. 


4 stars
Man

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Overall 4 star  

 Happy wid d performance ,battery gud speed gud , touch gud, can't hide apps with applock application don't know whts wrong and unhappy that not getting headphones along wid handset in box 


5 stars

 Saurabh Joshi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Exceptional phone  

 Exceptional mobile-
I am little fussy about phone, especially after using Nexus 5 it was very difficult for me to settle.
Tried many phones-
Moto X 2nd gen
I Phone 5
I Phone 6
Asus zenphone6
Moto X Play etc. 
Tried all above phone in the span of 6 months but could not satisfied myself(all above are good but not either not matching my expectations or very costly) I was looking something which has both of these qualities. 
And guess what finally I got this. 
Excellent battery life.
Mind blowing fingerprints sensor.
Bulletspeedy charging speed with its charger 
I am delighted with above all.
Rest features are as good as other heavy budget phone.  


5 stars

 vipul chandram...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best for the price  

 I was using SAMSUNG S3 for nearly 2 years. I wanted new phone so I researched for 1 month and settled for Vibe P1. I got this phone for 14.5k after applying SBI Credit card for 10% discount. Reasons why I chose Vibe P1 are given below: 


5 stars

 Ketan Tomar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Simply awesome phone in its price range  

 I must say this phone is an ultimate buy for me. Am happy with its excellent battery power of 5000 mah and fast charging. Last phone which I used was sold out because most of the times it is in charging mode. Now I charge my new phone in like 2 days or so. 
5 stars from my side. One more thing I haven't faced any heating issues so far of my usage. 




#############################PAGE-88#####################################
5 stars

 Mohamed Thajme...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 This phone really good enough for these range....!  

 I bought this phone after the use of many budget phones like Moto G, Alcatel flash 2, imfocus m370, Lenovo k3..... After these phones I finally decided to jump on this lenovo vibe p1... Bcoz for its battery backup..this phone is so crazy go for it really worth for your money and this specs also too good enough for this medium range smartphones.... 


4 stars

 Akash Khanna

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Definitely Recommended !  

 Using this phone for about 3 weeks now.
Pros:
No lag, very good in multitasking, works up to the expectations considering the configuration, good camera, brilliant storage space, sturdy build, superb fast charging, nearly two days battery backup on continuous 3g and wifi.
Cons:
A 5.5 inch screen is not for everyone, be sure u keep in mind the screen size you want.
Verdict:
I would definitely recommend this phone to people looking out for a high end-within budget smart phone. 


4 stars

 Dhiraj kumar Jha

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Shandaar & jaandar..........a complete value for money phone  

 More than 30 days of usage & only I can say its a flawless phone except camera output.
Image quality is not very nice in low lights.Battery backup is superb. lenovo should come up with a better camera phone with this configuration.Otherwise, vibe p1 is a complete value for money phone. 


5 stars

 SC

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Phone  

 The phone is very good and works perfectly for my usage. 
It's battery life is remarkable and also there should be full credits given to the wonderful charger that comes along with it, which charges the phone within 1 hour.
That's it, charge the phone for 1 hour once in 2 days and you're through.
I keep wifi on, Cellular on, play many games and also constant messaging apps as well as e-mail and other apps like instagram, and still the battery looks like it never drains. 
The default skin of the device is nice, which is the vibe UI given by Lenovo, but i prefer google now, it makes the phone work like butter. 
The phone never stutters or goes slow, there's always RAM available even after you open 12-14 apps at the same time. And if you feel like the phone is becoming slow, there's an analog battery saver switch, just switch that on for 1 min or so and turn it off, all apps and background services will be wiped out and voila ... you have the speed back. And this thing works 10/10 times. 
The design of the phone is really super-cool, metallic finish rocks !! and the looks are great. 
The cameras are good but with a little glitch here and there so that's more of 8/10 and sound is cool. 


5 stars

 Ramalingeswara...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone for less price  

 Got VIBE P1 three months back. Awesome phone with big screen. Battery is awesome charging. Charges faster give two days 


5 stars

 Suraj Kela

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Truly a BEAST in its Range  
  
Hi Friends Using This Phone For Exactly Over a Month Now And All I can't Say Its Fabulous with its USP Being The Gigantic 5000 MaH Battery with No Lag Performance. Display Is Neat And Clear with Different Colour and Brightness Options. The Best Part Of This Phone Is Quick Charge Where Full Battery Charges in Approx 90 Mins that's too Fast. Simply Go For This Phone If you Are a Heavy User. 2GB Ran is More Then Enough For This Phone but Disappointed That Lenovo in Int'l Market Variant of This Phone Has 3GB Ram. Lenovo should Treat all its customers in the same way. It's an Excellent Phone. Buy It. 


5 stars

 chandu chinna

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 phone charging is superb  

 and camara quality is good and sound quality is very good totally phone is very good 
and fuature is very good and phone speed is fast 


5 stars
Ranjith jain

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Ultimate product  

 Ultimate product I felt good while using lenovo vibe p1 mobile, good battery pack up really proud of this mobile.. I love it 


5 stars

 Rohan Kinare

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone from Lenovo... a monster  

 This is the best phone I've used so far.... All features are excellent and the best part is you can use complete 32 gb for app storage... Battery anyhow used lasts for 2 days. Anyone interested just go for it with your eyes closed and you'll never regret... 


4 stars

 anurag shukla

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone, worth the price.  

 A good smartphone!! 
Excellent battery, super quick charging, decent camera( the camera is really decent and not as bad as told in same other reviews), awesome build quality, good fingerprint sensor(especially after the last update the fingerprint sensor's accuracy is almost 97%), and smooth performance (although it does lacks in some of the games). 
 Overall a very good smartphone, Totally satisfied by the product and good service by flipkart. 
 If gaming is not the topmost priority ( although it does handles most of the game pretty well) then just buy this phone. 
 Most of the times its the battery that matters the most even if you may not realise it. 
 Don't think further, just buy it. You won't regret!!!   




#############################PAGE-89#####################################
5 stars

 durga phanindh...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Mobile....  

 People who needs more battery backup, large screen, good RAM, external memory can buy... 


5 stars

 SANJAY KARANDE

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 SUPERB  

 They are really amazing and a must buy at this price.Great phone, battery is simply super. Looks great. 


5 stars

 Best Phone...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for Money Product  

 Best Features... Like super duper battery backup, convert your phone from smart to basic thru a single click for more battery backup, Good camera... 
All benefits in one bucket... 


5 stars

 Ankur Agarwal

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 great mobile  

 this mobile is the best in this price range with huge battery life. I surely recommend this mobile.
the camera quality is also good and with these specs it beats all other competitiors...and the people who have touring jobs can surely go for this mobile because it has a long battery life 


4 stars
Suresh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 worth buying  

 Nice backup and little bit heavy weight, Ram left only 750mb , overall it is value for money and worth buying  


5 stars

 Subbarao

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome  

 Excellent backup of 5000 mah battery. System very speed and awesome internal memory and I feel best in its range. 


5 stars

 Mangal Maurya

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Phone at Best Price  

 Used Product for more than a Weak and overall it is a great experience..
Pros:-
-Finger Print Sensor Works Perfect
-Big Battery 2-3 days of backup
-Sharp Display
-Fast charging(in 19Min)
-comes with Screen guard and Back Case 
Cons:-
None For Me... 


5 stars

 ankush srivastava

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone to buy  

 We spend lot time on all variants of smartphone whose cost is aprox 15K to conclude the best one. Finally I decided to buy because of 2 main reasons:
1. Qualcomm Octacore (even though we are not planning to control a satellite through this phone)
2. 5000 mAh battery which is really required for 2-4 days backup 
After buying it, you will definitely appreciate my comments 


4 stars
Rajiv Venkatraman

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 Brief Review  

 Sleek, Elegant & Stylish are the first 3 words that come to my mind when I bought this phone. Jam packed with features like Fingerprint Sensor, Easy customization, 32gb inbuilt memory(expandable to 128gb), decent 13mp Camera and 5.5 front camera, pre-installed with 5.1.1 lollipop OS, and last but not the least a solid 5000 mah battery life - all that for a very affordable price of Rs. 16,000 is a sureshot deal for anyone looking for a mid-range smart phone. 
I'd definitely recommend this baby to anyone looking for something that's affordable and comes with some of the latest features. Thumbs up to Lenovo from me. 


4 stars

 VIVEK CHITLANGIA

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Its my first Experience with Brand Lenovo and i can say that its worth every penny i paid for Vibe P1. Super Vibrant Box Pack with Back Cover and Scratch guard included in the cost. Phone looks beautiful and handy. I was looking for Super battery with Dual 4g sim slot and backing of a really good machine Configuration...and i am very satisfied. Super Fast Charging is icing on the cake. 
Overall at this price i would recommend everyone or anyone to buy this Phone. Its been a month and half and till now no complains of any sort and same i am hoping in future too. Thumbs Up to Lenovo Vibe P1.  




#############################PAGE-90#####################################
5 stars

 santhosh mv

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Go for it  

 Use internet(4G) the whole day,play videos,game alot..but you can't defeat the 5000mAH power bank.
Gud output from the loud speaker
Finger print scanner will make you different from others(always makes me feel happy when my phone displays "finger print verify failed" in the screen , when someone tries it)
Gud display resolution
Microphone catches every tiny voices
A single slide of a button will turn the phone into eco mode which further increases battery backup
Gud performance while surfing through websites.
Camera, both primary and secondary are good 
They provides back cover and screen guard with the pack.
But lenovo you disappointed me as you are not providing headset and a good music player(built-in is GUVERA an olnline player)
Advice is never go for an update even if it is 22MB. It will make your phone mad
Other than this, lenovo vibe rockzzz.... 


5 stars

 Vivekananda Ve...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Perfectly awesome  

 First thing you'll notice about the phone is its rich look and feel ..though a bit bulky mainly due to the massive 4900 mAh battery it is one of the good looking phones I have seen recently. I'm using a lenovo k3 note which is good but lacks in the battery life. The vibe won't disappoint u in this front with hardly half an hours charge u can easily use the phone upto 1 and a half days of moderate usage. The 5.5 inch gorilla glass 3 full HD screen feels awesome and also easy to handle better than k3 note I'd say . the front and back cameras provide brilliant photos under good lighting conditions ..there is no lag in the performance of the phone and the finger print sensor works perfectly. All in all at this price range the phone is simply amazing. 


4 stars
Sobana Vijayakumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice  

 Its performance is very good. It is very cost effective. Its camera resolution is also very fine. I am happy to have this mobile. This is my first Lenovo company mobile. I love it. I didnt find any heating problem like others mobile. 


5 stars

 DK

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone  

 Looks extremely good!, generally like phones on the heavier side, feels robust. 
- Fingerprint is working very well and is a very good addition in this price range.
- First time VIBE UI experience and its not bad and the firmware update gave the option to choose Google style UI as well with app drawer --> So no complaints. Need to dig more on different features like gestures etc.
- Normal electronic goods heating, nothing alarming
- 32 GB --> enough space for all the needs
- Screen is excellent
- Camera in very good 


4 stars

 Tahabina Khatoon

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best of Lenovo  

 Lenovo vibe p1 and one plus two more or less same by look, huge difference in money. Lenovo vibe p1 is the best smartphone under 20k. Big screen with big battery backup. Play your game fearless because it's give a long backup for those who love to play games all time.good camera and picture quality. 


4 stars

 Jatin

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Flipkart + WS Retail + eKart - done fantastic job all together. 
Order date: 12DEC2015 (One day delivery)
Got mobile: 14DEC2015 (WITH Rs. 60 delivery charges) 
Thumbs up to their work. 
About product - got 4 updates from Lenovo - updated mobile with those updates - now mobile works like charm - no heating issue - full charged on the day of delivery (14DEC2015) till now its 34% (16DEC2015). My usage during this period are applying updates - install new apps - photos - videos - chats etc. 
All n all good mobile with this price. 


4 stars

 NILESH JAYKAR

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Completely perfect smartphone  
  
I loved this mobile. Within 2 days of launch date I booked this beast. 
If u look at its specifications P1 do have all top features .
It's metal encase body gives u premium feel.
HD display is good for watching movies with clear viewing angles. Audio output is also very loud. 13 my camera will give u clear images but I am really impressed with it's front camera .it takes great selfies.
Dual sim 4g connectivity with moderate processor and 2gigs of ram fulfills my daily use smoothly. Gaming is good on this .
32gb inbuilt is awesome yaar. My all pics and videos locked with fingerprint lock.
 Honestly it's vibe ui is so simple . But little laggy. Unless P1 is budget perfect smartphone .  


4 stars
Sanskruti kachi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Battery Backup  

 I have been purchase this mobile one month backup it has been delivered within 10 days and i am using this form last one month awesome battery backup even though i am using whole day Wi-Fi for 3 days if it is fully charge, it is taking 1 hr for 0% to 100%, no heating problem while playing videos, games & charging. 


4 stars
Mukesh kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 is a worth purchase  

 I am a proud owner of Lenovo Vibe P1 since its launch. Its almost more than two months I a using this mobile and finding no difficulty in operating it. The operating system is cool and the kind of apps I require for my official work are working good. Its picture quality of camera is good. Sound of the in build speaker is good. The most attractive thing in this mobile is its 4900 m a h battery which require a charge after one and half day. Its rocket cherger charge the battery in 40 to 45 min. from 10% to 100%. The hand set is heavy in weight and available only silver colour . It should be available in more colours.
All and all its good hand set and worth full for Rs. 16000/-. 


4 stars
biswajit paul

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 The performance of this phone is very good. The battery quality & camera quality is outstanding. I m very satisfied with this mobile. 




#############################PAGE-91#####################################
4 stars
biswajit paul

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 The performance of this phone is very good. The battery quality & camera quality is outstanding. I m very satisfied with this mobile. 


4 stars
Naina kachi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Mine Best mobile till date......;)  

 I am writing this review after using Lenovo VIBE P1 for more than 1 month, 
The best feature is battery which last for more than a day in full usage e.g 24 hrs 3g net, games, Movies, songs, calling, sms and e.t.c 
camera is little bit low in night but managable, In day it gives perfect shot. 
Look is attractive, Sound is very lound n clear, Only thing is that they did'nt provided the earphones with handset. 
Nice product Lenovo... (Y) 


4 stars
Yogesh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 I am Yogesh Kundap...m happy user......  

 Vipe p1 is very nice features and long battery back up ,n slim body 


4 stars

 Kuldeep kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 A gud budget phone  

 This phone is too awesome for this price range. I have been using this phone for 1 month and the battery provides backup for whole day while the camera is used throughout the day and games are being played. But gets slow while playing games but seen only few times this issue.
 RAM after reboot shows 1.2 gb otherwise able to see only 600 to 800 mb RAM free.
PROS-good battery backup ,camera is ok,interface is awesome.
Cons-brightness level ia not so good ,gets dull pictures in sunlight.  
Overall, good for a budget phone with all such features .  


5 stars

 Deepak Sharma

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Service & Excellent Product.  

 As usual Flipkart is Number 1 in Services & known to sell genuine product.
Really I am very Happy to use this Device.Fast Charging with Finger print Lock in very economical prize.i used this device from last one month,No Issue,Great Device.Highly Recomended by me.
Thanks Flipkart & Lenovo. 


5 stars
Ashok Kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenevo Vibe P1 satisfied my expectations  

 Very nice mobile and battery standup time also superb ... I charge my mobile 2 days once only.. 


4 stars
rajender

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 vibe p1  

 good product at this rate.now days i dont remember to charge the phone.finger sensor working fine.weight little hravy.size also little big 


5 stars

 vikas

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone!  

 Phone battery is excellent.
Every thing is fine except heavy weight.
Screen size is good
Camera is good at this price. 


5 stars

 Kiran Badgujar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 My review  

 I have purchased to lenovo vibe p1 2months back under exchange of moto g2. 
I have following observations.
1. Battery backup is three times than moto g2. 
Stays for 2 days without charging. 
2. Phone gets fully charged in 75mins. 
3. Display is ok.
4. Slightly heavy phone due to battery. 
5. Gui is better with more options.
6. Touch Screen and display quality is ok. 
7. Always 800mb ram available.
Overall good phone. 
Improvement over screen quality needs improvement like oneplus phones. 
Nice phone to buy with this price range.   


5 stars

 Ganesh K S

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone!  

 I have been using LENOVO VIBE P1 from more than three weeks .
Pros.
# Nice built quality.
# Excellent battery life.Super fast charger.
# No lags...
# No heating issue.
# Extra features like edit app. permissions,double click for wake...etc. are nice.
Cons.
# Camera is good not excellent.
# Slightly heavy in weight.
Verdict.
 Excellent phone.....Better than moto x play, one+x,1,2..... 




#############################PAGE-92#####################################
3 stars
Prem Deep

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good battery life  

 Very good product in the sense of battery back up. All other features of this is not up to the mark. 


5 stars
SUMIT PATHAK

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Product from LENEVO..Impressed  

 Excellent Product from lenovo!!!Â  
Are you suffer with short battery life ? are you hate powerbank. if not , why dont go for your prefer brand which stick in your heart ?Â 
Vibe P1 is totally win. as a current smart phone , big battery is everything. 5.5mins per 1% , for GPS + MAP + 3G data + auto brightness . after whole day , you can still see your battery is around 50% ( = to 100% for samsung A7) 
i use as hotspot after 2 hours , i can't feel the heat as well. its consume around 12%.Â 
camera is fast + good + dual tone flashing. sound is loud , finger print is so sensitive . play game u wouldnt feel the much heat and yes its having SNAPDRAGON ,what's other beside of this you need as a smart phone? 
go find a actual model & feel it. its a very quality build phone.
Battery at its best!! If i use very hard like playing heavy games and listening music and continuously connected to Wi-Fi it gave me 2 days of charging. In ideal situation 3+ days of battery is confirmed!!Â  
It has fast charging too 0 - 60% of charging is done in 23 mins!!Â  
Rear Camera is decent and front camera is also ok!!Â  
Display is top class!! And it has a premium build!!Â  
The best phone in 16k price range(edit I purchased with SBI offer with rs.1500 discount) 
Excellent, highly recommended, strong battery life, great camera, you will not regret when you buy 


5 stars

 Tushar Khare

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1 rocks  

 Lenovo vibe p1 is awesome .value for money smartphone .display ,sound quality ,build quality is great .Battery is main plus ,5000 mah battery gives a great backup .no lags what so ever .fingerprint would have been better but no regrets.
Last but never the least flipkart is awesome .great service, genuine products .so love you flipkart 


5 stars

 Archita Shivan...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Option In this price segment  

 Value fr moneyð. No doubt the 5000mAh gives you an Amazing battery life. It's a bit heavy but the rest of the powerpact features overcomes this flaw.16000â¹ is truly worth it fr dis fone. My stake GO FOR IT ð 


5 stars

 Leena

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone  

 This smartphone is definitely the best in its range.!!!!
the plus points of this phone are its looks, build, battery ( stays upto continuously 2.5 days with wifi / cellular data ON) , camera (front very good for selfies) and a multitasker.
It may be a lil heavy but that is shadowed by its features.
What else one wants??? 
If you really want a worthy phone then You should buy this BEAST .
I love it. 


5 stars

 Aakash chotrani

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Battery Beast  

 The remarkable thing about this phone is it's battery life...Considering my day to day heavy usage this phone lasts about 2-3 days on single charge. 
Also I would like to mention the super charging functionality of this phone...within one hour you get 100% charge. It's incredible. 
The fingerprint sensor is great,though sometimes it does't detect my finger print but most of the time is accurate and responsive. I have forgotten the habit of using phone lock button. 
Camera isn't that great but according to my usage it's not an issue. 
The storage space is 32gb....it's ample for me.  
Overall if you don't click many selfies or photos and are kind of heavy users like me than it's a must buy phone. :) 


3 stars

 girish.M

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 App lock using finger print is missing ????  

 Charging time very good . full charge in one har ....app lock using finger print missing....these are all basic features in a phone with finger print sencor..so only 3 stars   


5 stars

 Ankur Singh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Price to Feature Ratio  

 Best Price for Bucks Bought it for my Father but tempted to use it for myself... 
Everything Is Pro expect the Fingerprint reader it take around 2 sec to unlock and has 50% success rate... But what else u can get in 16k 


4 stars

 Thrinadh Babu

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Cam,Performance, Battery Backup n Inbuild ROM 32GB  

 With in 2 days delivered product by Flipkart and Lenovo Customer care has provided by solution which i have faced WiFi frequently Disconnection. Each and every future was good especially Battery Backup, Camera and Performance. 


4 stars

 Saurabh Gulati

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Battery & Performance.  

 Below are the pros: 
Battery can last up to 2 days with moderate use. I have seen the screen time of more than 7 hours constantly which is good compared to other phone.
Performance is good, Camera is OK. Phone does not heat. 
Cons:
Lenovo needs to come up with glitch free software. Sometimes phone gets stuck on one screen.   




#############################PAGE-93#####################################
4 stars

 Mayank Gupta

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice but not killer !!!  

 This is a phone for people who don't play high graphic games and want big screen, big battery and a premium looks. Would have given 3 stars but Its upgradable to marshmallow thats a big plus so gave 4 stars.
Fast delivery from flipkart as usual. 
Cons
Display not that bright but most of us don't set high brightness on phone so that is acceptable and also Super Brightness mode available 
Fingerprint Scanner works average (6 out of 10) Only two fingerprints allowed so suggest you to scan same finger two times to improve accuracy
Less ram available which sometimes causes lags while playing games
Camera is average 
Heavy but you will get used to after few time
Difficult to insert sim and memory card because of tight back part which is plastic ; Watch its hands on video on youtube before trying
No Earphones 
Pros
No overheating while playing games 
Feels Premium
Good battery back up (twice of that a normal phone) ; With even heavy usage 20 hrs
Gets charged very Quickly in a hour most of the times
Supports 4G and NFC(Useful for few)
Excellent speaker ; Very loud
Storage upto 128 GB with 32 GB internal
No problem with call clarity ; Crystal Clear Voice
Screen guard and transparent back panel provided  


5 stars
abdul azeez from...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 excellent  

 I purchased Lenovo vibe p1 before 1 month lenovo vibe p1 is excellent performance with me , its 5000 ah battery and finker print technology and rocket charger best quality performance with me. 


5 stars

 DINESH GUPTA M

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1 IS TOO GOOD FOR THIS PRICE  

 I bought this phone on sbi 10% cash back offer so totally i paid for this phone is only 14399 
1) Battery is too good its enough for me for 3 days with out internet and 2 days with 2G and 1.5 days with 3g its running properly  
2) Finger print reader is working like a charm its very sensitive and comparing its equal to iphone 
3) Screen resolution is also good and size of the screen is also big and slim it comes with screen guard and back cover for protection 
4) Battery saving physical switch is very use full for saving battery easily via traveling  
5) I drop the phone twice but nothing happen and its aluminum body also and gorilla scratch resistant screen  
6) I used 4g LTE with this mobile and its supports good and speed also good 
7) Inbuilt app is also good and ram also enough for working and games 
8) Charging is very quickly so its easy for charging any place with in an hour battery get Charged  
9) Camera Resolution is good and lots of options is there for selfi and all 


5 stars
Ashish ghanagle

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone ever  

 It is the best phone ever that i had purchased.The battery backup of the phone is too good.Once if I charge the phone,its battery longlast for 14hrs.& also thanks to flipkart for helping me to choose best phone & thanks for their service. 


5 stars

 Siva Krishna

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 The best  

 The best mobile
 No heating issue
Good battery backup
Good pics too 


5 stars

 Sagar Khushalani

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Designed & build as per my requiremnts..cheers  

 Completely satisfied with performance..
Nice professional looks..
Good handling..
No lagging observed in processes..smooth and responsive touch and interface.
Camera performance satisfactory at night and great in day light..
The major plus point is battery life.. very very satisfied with battery performance..
Go for it.. 


4 stars
Venugopal Rao Nabhi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great phone under 16 K  

 I got my Vibe P1 on Nov 26th and have been delighted with it. Flipkart delivered it on the 2nd working day, which was fantastic! 
I bought the phone with lots of apprehension, after reading reviews that it was heavy and heats up a lot. But all those were put to rest soon after getting it. I compared with my colleague's iphone 6+ and it was almost the same weight and size. 
After installing 3 updates soon after getting it, i have not faced any issues, except the learning curve with android, when shifting from a Windows phone. 
Initially the battery used to last for 2 days of moderate usage, but now it has gone up to nearly 3 days. The battery was strong even after a long train journey of 14 hours using GPS.
The pros and cons have already been elaborated by other users, so I will not repeat those. The only con I need to speak of is the charger plug. It keeps slipping off from most plug points, unless inserted vertically on a spike guard. But with an adapter, it works fine on wall sockets too. 
The camera is as good as a Nokia Lumia, but could have had better image stabilization.   


3 stars

 Dilipkumar R

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone with a few drawbacks  

 The phone performs well under normal usage and you can expect it to lag when playing games, the camera gives Good quality images, the battery back up is very good ,the only drawback is the screen brightness it's almost unusable outside. 


4 stars

 Viyang Shah

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 A good deal  

 This phone is too awesome for its price. Sometimes it slows down (usually while gaming) and the camera is a little hazy. But the interface is awesome, the display is staggering, and the fingerprint sensor is too good. Overall, good for a budget phone. 


4 stars

 raj kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 value for money  

 Value for money great deal who want long battery life and turbo charging is super awsum 




#############################PAGE-94#####################################
5 stars

 Balamurugan Ramu

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Just what i was looking for  

 I am using this phone for 3 weeks now and i can say i am fully satisfied with my purchase. Flipkart delivery was good, the delivery guy went a step further and delivered at a different address since i was not available on the shipping address.
Pros:
1) Huge screen - The screen is really huge and it lets me read through ebooks and websites without too much strain on the eyes. Watching movies is also fun.
2) Battery - Lives up to its expectations. Just got this phone before the chennai floods and it was a lifesaver - easily withstood 3 days without charging(used power saving mode).
3) Charging - The rocket boost feature with the accompanying charger does what it is supposed to do. From 0 to 100% in flat 1 hour.
4) Call quality - Overall call quality was good with no noticeable drop in signal strength.
5) Speaker - Really loud speaker, best i have come across till now. 
Cons:
1) Display - Not as good as my old galaxy s3, but good enough for the price range. It is true that the default display setting make the phone look dull, but you can always customize the display for a better contrast.
2) Size - I expected it to be big and i am getting used to it, but some may have trouble handling the device especially if they have small hands
3) Camera - Picture quality is average. Do not expect iPhone quality photos.
4) Fingerprint scanner - Scanner is decent, but can save only two prints. Would be good if it allowed more.
5) OS - Default Android Lollipop did not have android style launcher, it is fixed once you download the update.
6) No headset in box but my old samsung headset works well with lenovo. 
The phone does heat up during charging, so better to leave the phone while it is being charged. Did not experience heating problems during playback of full HD video.
Comes with a back cover and basic screen guard, which is good. 
Overall, an excellent buy in this price range.
Edit 1/1/2016 - Happened to record low light videos, turned out to be below average. As mentioned above, do not expect HQ pictures and videos, especially in low light. 


5 stars

 Kiran N

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone  

 I bought this phone on it's first day.  
Pros of Lenovo vibe p1
Very good build quality, feels premium.
Camera quality is Good. Both front and rear are able to take great pics.
4G LTE dual sim support.
Android lollipop out of the box.
Fingerprint sensor for enhanced security.
A great battery life thanks to large 5000 mah battery.
NFC and usb-otg support.
5.5 inch full HD screen protected with gorilla glass 3.
32 GB internal storage and micro sd card support upto 128GB.
Supports quick charge and it is water resistant.
Cons of Lenovo vibe p1
The lenovo vibe p1 is a heavy smartphone and feels little bulky. It it due to its larger battery and metal build. If you like light and small form factor smartphones then this might not be the smartphone for you.
Some of the sensors are missing like barometer and ecompass.
The snapdragon 615 is not the best processor in this price range. Instead snapdragon 808 would have been much better like in Xiaomi mi4c.
The lenovo vibe p1 also lacks usb type-c. 


5 stars

 Vamshi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing Buy  

 A great buy at this price range. As good as any high end model. Sturdy finish and great viewing angles. The battery lasts very long . Fully satisfied with the product. 


5 stars
Anil balakrishnan

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 High end functions in a mid range device price  

 Its been almost 1 month i am using this phone.
my reviews.
# excellent battery backup. almost more than 48 hrs with 4g on.
# good sound clarity
# good display
# battery saver mode works good
# excellent speed
# fingure sensor works fine. very fast
# secure mode helps to hide personnel datas 
 overall a good high end devise with in a mid range price  


4 stars

 COL ANIL SARWAL

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Review of lenovo vibe1  

 The product is worth the price as compared to features in other brands. The clarity on the screen cud have been better and so as sound which blurrs as one increase the volume. Overall a must buy. 


5 stars

 Deepak Pashte

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 Excellent handset, 5 star for battery backup
I have used for 2 days with Internet and gaming....... 
Good service from flipkart 


4 stars
Saabir Sheikh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 excellent!!!!  

 the phone look is good the batteries good earphone are good their is no lag in the phone.
look wise the phone is smart....excellent in use 


5 stars
Sridhar Rao Muslay

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone in the price  

 Excellent battery backup
Finger print and NSC feature in this price unbelievable
Back camera image quality is excellent
Side button which has been provided that converts from smart phone to normal phone to save battery is an excellent Idea by Lenova 
Over all I can say Excellent phone in this price range with this quality.  


4 stars

 Krishna Teja

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best for the price  

 Great phone, battery is simply super. Looks great and I don't mind the little extra weight, Overall good. 


5 stars
DHIRAJ KUMAR

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Super Best phone  

 I have purchase Lenovo Vibe P1. It is awsome handsat as Like Big Battery, Big Screen, Fingerprint Sensor, and more.I would have loved a lot more if the RAM has been 3 GB. But this does good works with 2 GB even.  
- Very good stylist phone
- looking good
- Supper battery backup
- supper rocket charging
- 2 GB RAM 32 GM Internal Memory 
- Nice, sleek design
- Stunning Full HD screen, amazing colors.
- Good cameras
- Sensitive touch screen.
- Fast processor and ease of use
- Fingerprint protection.   




#############################PAGE-95#####################################
5 stars

 RENJITH RS

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 good one  

 Used the phone for more than two weeks.Great one.Satisfied with this 


5 stars

 Avadhut Khavare

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Feature and battery  

 Good battery life....
Awesome experience till now...
Worth buying :)
Figure scan security is like cherry on cake!!!! 


5 stars

 Manoranjan Kum...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent product with excellent power backup...  

 Excellent Product... Fully satisfied... Excellent specifications with affordable price range. After one month use still can't believe it's so smooth in operation and specially the battery... It's beast... It's fast charging ability gives this device an edge over competitors in this price range. It's flagship killer... Awesome... 


5 stars
Karan soni

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great job by lenovo team  

 Hi I am just using this device since 16 days and I must say this is best device I ever seen in this price range lenovo keep it up 


5 stars
Lal K George

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Phone  

 Using it for the last one month. Worth for this price.  
Better Battery. 
Camera clarity is not upto the mark but good in day light. 
No hanging issue
No heating issue 
Overall its a good phone to buy. 


4 stars

 Sonu kumar saraf

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 VERY GUD IN AFFORDABL PRICE  

 I am sharing this by using the phone for 1 month. The battery is gud and the specifications are just as said . The camera is not very high class but is fine. The power saving mode is one of best feature along with the finger print sensor. Once a friend opened my phone with his finger print though , i just wonder how, else it has worked fantastic. It is false that the battery gets heated bcz mine worked very fine. Android 5.1 is a smooth running OS in this set. I am happy with this phone. 


4 stars

 zulfiqar ali

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth the Money!  

 Bought this phone on day 1. It's been going good so far.  
Pros:
Superb battery - the best in it's class
Fast charging is really cool.
Decent camera 
No heating issues 
Cons:
A bit heavy - your wrist will ache!
RAM could have been 3 GB - You get only 600 to 700 MB free out of the 2 GB RAM!
Somehow Gmail app keeps crashing very often - tried uninstalling the app, but that did not work...  
Overall , Worth the money I paid.... hopeing it will last for at least a couple of years like my S3 did. 


4 stars
AMIT KUMAR

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth buy within 16k....  

 I have been using this phone over a month and till date i am fully satisfied with the phone the only drawback is on the camera side but who care u cannot get flagship camera within this price range other than that a full thumbs up to the device..... 


4 stars

 kishore pardeshi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenova Vibe P1  

 very handy to use, user friendly, most of the app inbuilt, strong battery life & touch screen very smooth & size quite big compared to other devices with good camera quality & lastly full vale for money 


5 stars

 Vimalkumar Patel

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 thumbs up..  

 Value for money... 
I m very much happy for this product. Flipkart delivered it on time. Go for it. 




#############################PAGE-96#####################################
3 stars

 Prabhakaran

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Battery is not upto mark  

 I got this phone for its battery back up but its really not that much holding up it hold for only 12hrs on normal use.  


5 stars
Malay Mahapatra

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 The best cell phone forever with in 15K  

 Looks extremely good! and I don't mind the little extra weight, generally like phones on the heavier side, feels robust. 
- Fingerprint is working very well and is a very good addition in this price range.
- First time VIBE PI experience and its not bad and the firmware update gave the option to choose Google style UI as well with app drawer --> So no complaints. Need to dig more on different features like gestures etc.
- Normal electronic goods heating, nothing alarming
- 32 gigs + 32 gigs (SD Card) --> enough space for all the needs
- Screen is excellent
- Camera is very nice 


5 stars
Nirmalkumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Very good  

 Super battery backup , good performance over all picture quality is good, needs improve RAM. 


4 stars

 Deepak Kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best in class, fingerprint scanner just raises the bar  

 I already use a Lenovo K3 Note since launch, and it's undoubtedly a very good phone in terms of it's experience, usability and battery backup. 
On the similar lines Vibe P1 is no different, it has gone a step ahead of K3 Note giving a very good battery backup, rocket charging technology and above all a fully functional fingerprint scanner that works. 
People have complains about the camera but it's OK for the phone and price, pics just come out clean. Loudspeaker is there but no Dolby Atmos kind of system but still ok to hear with. 
Looks of this phone is premium and definitely gives an edge over other phones in this budget and even beyond. 
I definitely recommend this phone for this budget, usability is as usual good from Lenovo. 
--Deepak 


5 stars

 Amit Harlalka

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Fantastic Handset at Superb Price. Value for money deal  

 I have ordered this handset & get the delivery before the due date. Everything was ok & fine. Handset was very good in terms of looks, performance, configuration etc. So, its worth buying this handet 


4 stars

 Avilash Mishra

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 It is simply superb while comparing with price  

 battery backup is superb,but at starting getting heated after it will be normal,it never hangs while playing games 


4 stars

 Anurag Goyal

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good value for money! Monstrous battery!  

 I have been using the phone for almost a month. I don't know how to review technical specifications, so here's the review of a lay man: 
Pros:
1. Monstrous battery. I charge my phone once in 2 days mostly since I am not a very heavy user.
2. Love the display - clear and sharp
3. Great value for money 
Cons:
1. Camera isn't bad, but could be better for still images. Videos are decent.
2. Touch response could be better. Doesn't respond as fast as I would like at times.
3. Heats up at times (usually during long-duration updates and charging) 
In all, I think it is a good phone for the money. 


4 stars
ABIMANYU T

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best performance  

 Thank you for fast delivery flipkart....
Regarding mobile.....its an awesome mobile with good processor and ram...
Pros.
 Good battery back up
 Clarity is crisp and clear
 Speaker is nice
 Best budget phone
Cons.
 Sometimes heats up while charging
 No headphone is provided.  


5 stars

 SOUMITRA DEY

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great smartphone in reasonable price.  

 I have bought this smartphone about 25 days before and since then it serves me with great satisfaction. Only some system updates are required immediately and then it is awesome.
 I recommend you to buy this phone in only 16k and enjoy. 


5 stars

 Venkateshwaran m

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone - good battery backup  

 advanced features,,  
pros,
1. finger print unlock
2. android 5.1 up-gradable to 6
3.fast charging - big battery
4. dual sim 4G
5.good camera 
cons,
1. during call mic reception is low ( like it needs to positioned properly to be audiable normally) 




#############################PAGE-97#####################################
4 stars

 Prabu

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 ITS super...!!!  

 A mobile with budget friendly and lots of additional futures..., Happy with the pack and design. Camera's quality was nice and good, User performance was great, 
Looking good and Enormous display with clear HD. 
Hardware wise It ROck's.. 
Enough memory to use HD games and some High class Apps. 
Charging its Quick. Battery its Bulk sure for !.5days with hard using. Average user sure will get 2days backup. 
And Flipkart 10% discount itssss abviouslyyyy rocks. 


4 stars

 Hariom Rathore

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 this phone as awesome features  

 This phone as some awesome features which r in my favorite, but little prob with charging slight heat up , but coool to quick, in 30 min 50-60% thts really gd n the power saving mode is the coolest one I love this phone 


5 stars

 Amogha Abbur

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Bang for the buck!!  

 All in all an excellent phone.  
Its fast, 2gb is more than sufficient, screen is good, battery life is obviously amazing, fingerprint sensor did work me 8 of 10 times which is good.  
Camera could have been better considering the price. Even after the update there is slight heating which i feel is common now a days in all the phones.  
Considering the brand image, reliability you can opt for this one without second thoughts. And i also got a good exchange offer for my Samsung galaxy S3. So a good value for money phone.  


4 stars
Charles Velu

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe P1  

 The positive once are 1.Battery backup is good,2.good storage space,3.Features are good,
Negative is phone weighing more. 


4 stars

 Md Saif

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome!!  

 Purchased on Diwali with 1000 Rs cash back from SBI a month ago.
Mobile is pretty good in terms of specification, design and HUGE battery which last 2 days in a continuous two days of usage.
Very good mobile in the budget range much is more good than MOTO G 3rd generation which is though some 2K less cheaper than Vibe P1. 
Good thing -
Battery, Decent performance, Camera is pretty good with brilliant display and viewing angles are awesome Finger print only two finger can be added which is not too good and heavy games played like a charm like NOVA, Asphalt. 
Bad thing- 
Lenovo UI not good at all and for Marshmallow need to be waited till June 2016 :(
It will release monthly updates but not sure what that for no description is mentioned. 
In short satisfied with each penny and last word go for it in this price range.  


5 stars

 Rohit kachi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent product  

 I play games on ipad.hence the same not tested. (Do you really think one can play but enjoy games on 7 inch below display?)
Looks its premium 10/10
UI is the best I interacted with so far (lots of buttons free and battery saving options)
Display 10/10 (i exchanged K3 note for P1)
Battery 10/10 ( strictly 1.30 min enough to charge fully from 5%)
Performance No lag or whatever
Heating NIL ( its snapdragon not mediatek processor/ While charging yes it does heat but I don't think there is any device which wont heat up while charging)
Call quality 10/10 (noise cancellation does excellent job) in 2g u will get 3g call quality.2 hrs non-stop active call(no drops,no heating)
Camera (best in day light,even DSLR cant perform in night lights.so dont expect from any phones)
Speaker 10/10 Loud and clear
Fingure print recognition Excellent
Its Dual NANO sim not micro SIM (one tray holding 2 SIMs) and micro SD card slot separate. 
#Battery maintenance.
1. Initially charge and discharge battery 5%-100% for full calibration.I feel,my phone backup is improving.
2.In setting under Power manager, Background app management/ Disable all the apps which you don't want to AUTO START.
3.Try COMFORT mode in settings-Display-Colour balance. It safe for eyes also battery saver. 


5 stars

 Jayanta Karmakar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Phone @ Affordable price  

 Phone Model Name – Lenovo Vibe P1. 
Let me tell you why I had selected this phone: 
1. Good battery backup – this phone have the best battery backup and power control feature. You may find other phones with similar or bigger battery in other phones, but with good battery backup, what is required, proper power control system. This phone intimates you… “Facebook is consuming more power than the expected”  so you can stop the process.
2. Good RAM – this phone has got 2GB of RAM which is more than sufficient for all kind of multi-tasking activities. May it be playing a game or watching youtube videos or chatting in whatsapp and facebook. All apps go seamlessly and will feel you pura makhkhan hay yaar!
3. Good Processor – previously I had a phone that claimed to have mediatek true octacore processor of 1.5GHz. That phone used to hang so much that I was forced to look for a new phone and then I got this one. It has snapdragon chipset, whose authenticity is out of question.
4. Good memory – 32GB inbuilt (around 25Gb is free) and expandable to 128GB…. You will never feel for less storage problem…
5. Would be 5.5 inch screen– yes that helps you to do most of the jobs easily…. May it be watching a movie, playing a game, typing for chats, sms, whatever you name.
6. Loud sound – should have loud sound in speaker… my previous phone was so loud that while driving bike, I could not hear if its ringing at all…. And this one… OMG! So loud….
7. Good camera – 13 Mega pixel with dual flash and %MP in front
8. One touch power management key
9. Fingerprint recognition
10. Onboard screenguard and back cover – yes.. for any new handset, it is really a hell job to find a proper screenguard and back cover… but as Vibe P1 is giving them inside the box itself at free of cost, so don’t worry
11. A convenient OTG adapter – I can’t share any image here, but google it, you will understand a small cute OTG adapter is given free.
12. Fast charger – charges within 1.5 hours from 0 to 100% battery (5000 mAh!!!)
13. No headphone – Its better you know…. Rather than providing some creepy and bad headphone, don’t give it at all. Users will use their own / favourite headphones.
14. Less bloat ware – very less unwanted software and you can uninstall most of them… that’s an added advantage!
15. No Heat at all – only heat is generated during charging… otherwise, even if you play heavy games, very negligible heat is generated whereas, my previous phone was a heater – you could have used it during winter….
Still confused, if to buy this phone or not? See Sharmaji’s Technical Review which will demonstrate in Hindi - how this phone is and how operates etc.
And some exchange offer is available there – go grab it. I had got it with Rs.12396/- where the original price was Rs.15999/-.  


4 stars

 Prashant vashisth

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 In 15k must to be thought of  

 Only major drawback in this phone is its camera, user interface is better in Samsung J7 but bettery and charger in this phone is much better than J7 overall yes its value for money but I am still confused..had I bought J7 or did I make right dicission 


4 stars

 Praval Sharma

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Powerbank in a phone, which can be charged in 90 Minutes  

 I am using this phone from 30-40 days and this is a awesome phone, for those who love to talk more, surf more, chat more, listen to music more. As this 5000 mah batery will never let you go. 
1. Build is solid 8 out of 10, included back cover and screen guard give more care.
2. Loud speaker is actually a loud speaker.
3. Call quality is very good.
4. Audio - video quality is very good with very nice viewing angles.
5. Gaming performance in average as this is only 2GB RAM, but we should not expect much more.
6. Rear and front Camera is average, not that good, focus is a bit slow. Close object focus is poor. Low light picture are ok as well.
7. Connectivity options are a plus, for 2 SD and a SD Card, also use SD as internal storage so no problem of low memory.
8. Screen visibility is average not that good, as gorilla glass is there.
9. Killer feature is Battery changing in 90 minutes.
10. Finger print scanner is charm to use in this phone. 
Overall a very good phone, if your need to more usage on calling and surfing INTERNET, casual camera and gaming. 


4 stars

 jyotirmoy hazra

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo is the best brand  

 Awesome phone at the range of 16000.one of the plus points is battery.also 32 GB inbuilt memory and 128gb expendable memory capacity. No heating problem is there.nice pictures and video quality is superb.overall I will give this 4.5 out of 5.Lenovo and flipkart doing well. 




#############################PAGE-98#####################################
5 stars

 Bhaskar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing phone in this range,highly satisfied.  

 Amazing phone in this price range. Coming from htc one v and Mi3, I was considering mi4, mi4i, honor 6, moto x play, zenphone 2 or vibe p1. The fingerprint reader and unparalleled Battery capacity made my decision easy. Display and Battery life are Amazing. Silver unibody construction feels so premium and the heft accentuates the premium feel a few notches above its actual price.In the box, to my surprise, it came with a transparent silicon hard back case and two screenguard,nice touch there. Already got a couple of sw updates . 
 Fingerprint reader is so easy n functional to use I surely won't consider another phone without it in future. I've recommended this phone few of my friends also. 
 Sd615 is fluid in everyday usability, no heating issue at all. Fast charging is nice to have. The charger that comes with it fully charges the phone in 1hr15min which is excellent. I personally am not a fan of lenovo ui ,so replaced it with Nova prime launcher,couldnt be happier. 
Overall, I am more than happy and satisfied with this phone. Recommending.   


4 stars

 VAMSI KRISHNA...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 This phone is awesome especially for battery backp  

 This phone suits for all the daily requirements of Android users giving an awesome battery back up of minimum 48+ hrs...I am happy with the product and the elegant display..camera got drastically improved when compared to A7000 and K3...finally good product from lenovo 


5 stars

 mohammed ajazu...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Low cost fully packed mobile  

 Hello everyone,I buyed lenovo vibe p1 two weeks back while exchanging my nexus 4 vibe p1 is best mobile , battery life is very good, fast charging is an best thing for me in an one hour I can charge 100% battery at last finger print sensor's are awesome, it is an awesome mobile in cost of 16000 . 


5 stars
sameer jain

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Every thing is unique in this phone  

 It's a awesome phone battery is very nice long lasting. Camara is mind blowing all pics are very clear. Screen is quite good. Every thing of this phone is very unique. I have used k3 note but vibe p1 if far better than k3 note. 


4 stars

 Tushar Nanda

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Killer phone with killer battery..Thums Up  

 Lenovo vibe P1 is a wonderful gadget to posses.. The main usp is d heavy battery days keeps u up d day thru..Lenovo products are doing. Great..and its a real product dat one should buy if dey r heavy on usage and gaming..
Pros
Excellent battery life stays alive for almost 2days widout charging..
Quick charge which charges d battery super fast..
Nice user interface wid good user friendly features.
Finger print sensor dat works decently.
Excellent for gaming..
One touch power saving option..
Superb camera and nice front camera for selfies..dual flash for better pics..
Can be used as a power bank to charge oder devices
OTG support..
4G enabled.
Cons
RAM cud have been more for more flawless multitasking
It's heavy.. But dats nt really a con its d battery weight..
Display could have been more sharper but still solves d purpose in dis price bracket.
No more flaws I cud think of.. The device is a thums up..
Reviewing after heavy usage of 1 month.
Vibe P1 definitely a must in dis price..LENOVO have done a great job..dis battery doesn't die...KUDOS TO LENOVO  


5 stars

 Venkatesh K

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 One of the best phones in the market  

 If you are looking for a mid range phone, this is the one. Even though the Vibe P1 is positioned as mid-range phone, it feels like premium phone. Lenovo has raised the bar for all manufacturers. Except for the price, the Vibe P1 does not look mid-range in looks, build quality, features and performance.  
Vibe P1 is very well built. It feels very solid not withstanding the weight. One can't fault Lenovo for weight as this phone is powered by a 4900mAh battery. I am sure most people know what a 4900mAh battery weighs.  
Many users are complaining about brightness of display. he display could have been bit brighter than what it is, but, will work fine for most of users.  
The Lenovo's has not customized Android on this phone as much as Mi. Vibe P1 performs very well and one does not see any slow down in almost all activities. The Snapdragon 615 64-bit Octa Core Processor will not let you down unless you are looking for running big games.  
The battery life of this phone amazes me. I have used this phone extensively on 4G networks and battery has not let me down. Most users need to charge this phone only once a day.  
I bought this phone for NFC development and ended up replacing a very expensive phone. I almost did not buy this phone as I had reservations. Lenovo did not let me down.  
The only con in this phone is weight, which is known to everyone as this phone is powered by a big battery. If you are fine with the weight, you can definitely by this phone without reservations. 


4 stars

 Mohamed Azaruddin

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Perfect Companion  

 I have been using Lenovo Vibe P1 for two months now and this has been one of the best phones I've used. Pros can be said long.. Like Big Battery, Big Screen, Fingerprint Sensor, and more. 
I would have loved a lot more if the RAM has been 3 GB. But this does good works with 2 GB even. 


4 stars

 shakeel Khan

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 4900 mAh too good  

 I liked this phone. It has nice battery backup. nice smart phone .nice looking. HD display. Only camera is not so good other wise this mobile phone is too good 


5 stars

 Solly solomon

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe P1. Worth for the price you pay  

 This mobile as so many features and worth buying. The fast charging and battery capacity turns to be added feature. Finger print works good 


5 stars

 Lalitchandra D...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Battery Backup  

 I have been purchase this mobile one month backup it has been delivered within 10 days and i am using this form last one month awesome battery backup even though i am using whole day Wi-Fi for 3 days if it is fully charge, it is taking 1 hr for 0% to 100%, no heating problem while playing videos, games & charging. 




#############################PAGE-99#####################################
5 stars

 Gautam Ray

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great buy...  

 Purchased the product a month ago. Absolutely a masterpiece when it comes to performance. 
4900mAH battery is powerhouse and easily lasts for more than one day on moderate use.
Screen is FHD and has good resolution.
Back camera is ok but pics taken are slight noisy in low light conditions.
Sound is great with Dolby support. Looks could have been better.
Easy and smooth performance with powerful processor.
At this price point ..this is a great buy. 


5 stars
Sandeep Singh Rana

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 overall good in this range  

 Cokcwide screen 5.5 hu CMGgood battery back up good selfie camera 
Good graghics for gaming
Good battery backup
Rear camera is totally poor
Finger print response good for lock  


4 stars

 Krishna kumar...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 nice product great delivery time by flipkart..!!!  

 hii all i ordered my lenovo vibe p1 on 19th nov and get delivered on 21st great delivery service but feel sad coz they didn't deliver product in noida 
anyways after using about 1 month here is the review 
rear camera quality is awesome...... just love that camera front cam quality is also very good
processing is fast with 2gb RAM
i am playing lots of heavy games and it runs smoothly, games like asphalt 8 airborne sniper furymodern combat 4 etc.
no heating issue till now heat little bit during charging but its normal
after charging it full you can use it about 20 hrs with extensive use of gaming wifi and calling.
battery backup is awesome.
till now i feel only one con is just weight it feels little bit heavy but its okay..!! 
looks are cool
fingerprint sensor is nice not as fast as iphone but quite good enough.
dual ui interface option for user to choose android ui or vibe ui
one hand use feature is quite good and innovative and very useful.
sound quality is awesome feel like you have a little sound system..!!
otg support and it can also use as a powerbank to charge other mobiles.
overall a nice phone you can go for it..!!! 


4 stars

 Runil dalvi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone at a great price.  

 Overall a good phone to have.Good specs list at a reasonable price.Battery life is a plus point.camera is average.fingerprint scanner worms great.got this for 11k with exchange and cashback.superb build quality. 


5 stars

 Hemal Shah

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Feature loaded phone for decent price  

 The specifications look pretty strong especially on the battery. 5000mah power runs a long way and is quite a feature to have considering the increased consumption. The UI is smooth and sleek. Performance of the phone is well on par as expected. The battery stays for almost 2 days on normal usage. Call clarity is great. Camera output is also fine. Finger print reader proves to be a good handy feature. Overall would rate very high for the features which are included in the price range. Not many competitor in the range. Must go for it. 


5 stars

 RUPESH KUMAR

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Good Phone And I suggest To Other  

 Looks : Looks & Design good. 
Very Fast Charging : It Gets full charge in 1.5 hrs, battery capacity is mast.
RAM: 2GB Ram Is Ok.
Memory: 32GB is Best.
Camera: Camera is ok.
Loud Speaker: Very Loud Like old China Phone.
No Earphone: I am Very disappoint not earphone.
Other: Gorilla Glass 3 protection,Fingerprint sensor is working ok
Overall a good job from Lenovo. 
Flipkart customer & courier services is best all other online shooping company. 
Very Happy customer I am.And so a 5 star.  


5 stars

 Ragu

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Handy Smart Phone with Great Spec  

 I had been used Samsung & HTC mobiles in past few year. I have been looking for smartphone with better battery & storage in past 1 month and went with Vibe P1 as wise choice. I had purchased for 14.5k after applying SCB Credit card for 10% discount.  
Pros:
Battery last for 2 days with continuous wifi & 4G
Battery saver feature really supperb
Vibe UI scoring more :)
32 GB Memory with 128 GbExtendable
Dual SIM with LTE
Finger Print Scan
No Heating issue
Fast Charging 
Cons:
Ram should have been 3 GB
Only 2 finger print can be stored   


4 stars

 Ankush Shah

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good VFM  

 Decent phone with good features. Has some bloatware, but you can easily uninstall that. Being a heavy user of phone and constant internet and whatsapp messaging with Emails for business usage, I went in for this for the battery itself and the phone delivers. Build quality is decent and it ships with a scratch guard for the screen and a cover. 
However the glass may not be as strong. I had a good fall and the screen cracked. Being a new model they still don't have a replacement available in stock. However the support center was co-operative saying they will order it and call me back once it is available. That i haven't heard from any center yet. It needs to be seen yet whether I get that call. Overall though they gave the phone only 2 gb ram, it works without much lag for the regular user and the games also play quick. However if you are a super user then compared to higher ram phones in the same price bracket, you may notice a slight lag, but nothing to worry about. 1/2 a second is not going to cause you a major pain. It also has a nice secure zone baked within the stock rom, which is good if you want to keep your work or personal profiles separate. 


4 stars
Subramoni Padmana...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 review  

 I purchased the Lenovo Vibe P1 in November 2015 from FlipKart. So I've had the phone for about 1 month or so. The phone is great value for money. 
Pros:
1. Nice, sleek design
2. Stunning Full HD screen, amazing colors.
3. Good cameras
4. Sensitive touch screen.
5. Fast processor and ease of use
6. Fingerprint protection. 
Cons:
1. Slightly bulky.
2. removal of back panel to remove/insert SIM is a chore.
3. Connectivity issues sometimes. 
Overall, the phone is a great buy. 


4 stars

 George Thomas

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone  

 Battery back up is excellent. It's giving me 2days uptime even internet is turned on to 4G. The finger scanning is excellent and I never used pattern after setting up the finger scanning. 
The camera is good not excellent. 
But the rest of it is excellent so far 




#############################PAGE-100#####################################
5 stars
Keyur Parmar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great phone,battery is simply super. Looks great.  

 + Fantastic design
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Lesser SAR values (compared to predecessors)
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000m… (Expand) 


5 stars

 Rushabh Rathod

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Super phone  

 This is the best phone that money can buy @16000, finger print works awesome, battery is super awesome lasts at least two days. Storage is enough we get around 12 gb internal memory. Games work fine , no heating issues. Otg works good and we can even charge other phones. 


5 stars

 Rishabh MaLav

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good mobile in this range  

 Satisfied with all specifications
Camera quality is awesome
Sounds is also good in headphones.
But company do not provide headphones in the box.
Charging speed is super fast with 2 Ampere outpu to mobile.
Also provide power saver mode switch at left side.
Overall good mobile in this budget. 


4 stars

 megh sanghvi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Solid Phone  

 Very Good Phone !!
Solid built and Classy looks.. 
Great battery life(2days minimum-smartwatch connected) 
big and clear screen display 
average camera (lacks slow mo) 
2GB ram seems to be slow can be because of the 616 processor  
Never hangs  
Clear and loud sound  
Call quality in terms of reception is not good .. experiencing a lot of call drops and disturbances 
Rest All is good for this range of phone  


5 stars

 Nikhil M

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best option around the 15k mark  

 I have been using only for a month. Its been a smooth journey. 
-Comes with certain pre bundled apps such as WPS Office, Camscanner, twitter, FB, Truecaller, Camcard, Navigate, File Browser etc. but we are free to uninstall them to save space & battery.
-Battery is its biggest asset, 5000 mAh and has a quick charging feature as well as external one press battery saver option
-Both cameras are great
-Has a good cover in pack 
CONS- lacks headset in pack 
Verdict- great phone for multi-purpose use 


5 stars
Gaurav Kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone with all specifications in this series  

 The Lenevo Vibe P1 is being used by me from last one month.
Storage 32 GB is enough space for installing any app and keep all records.
Superb battery 5000 mAH even work 3 days working without charging required
The camera quality also very high which match & improved my professional skills
Internet works also very fast 4G works very excellent with 3G recharge
All apps update easily in very less time
Superb phone which i expect from flipkart... 


5 stars

 GOVIND SINGH

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Mine Best mobile till date.... :D  

 I am writing this review after using Lenovo VIBE P1 for more than 1 month, 
The best feature is battery which last for more than a day in full usage e.g 24 hrs 3g net, games, Movies, songs, calling, sms and e.t.c 
camera is little bit low in night but managable, In day it gives perfect shot. 
Look is attractive, Sound is very lound n clear, Only thing is that they did'nt provided the earphones with handset. 
Nice product Lenovo... (Y) 


5 stars
Sandeep Singh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 very nice phone  

 very good moble , battery is working awsm, camera also good , so many extra features, speakers good , looks stylish , not much heavy , overall a good mobile on this range 


5 stars

 RAGHU DOIJODE

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 lenovo vibe p1 is too good i am a big fan of lenovo i have used many of his smartphone but this smartphone is too good i love to use it nice battery backup nice pic quality good sound quality and many more things can do with LENOVO VIBE P 1 


5 stars

 HARSHVARDHAN R...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 the phone is a Beast for battery  

 Goods:
1. Battery is best.
2. Charging is fast
3. Camera is good.
4. The Phone got touch problem within 20days, but Flipkart replaced with a new one, under 30 bay replacement policy.
5. Octacore procesor is fast.
6. RAM would had been 3GB for this price range but is ok because 2GB is enough and no lags for heavy gaming too.
7. Screen clarity is good with full HD.
8. Both SIM 4G support, OTG support 
Bads:
Haven't observed yet. 




#############################PAGE-101#####################################
5 stars

 Ajith Paul

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 As of now it is worth for money !!!  

 It is really nice phone which help you to shine in front of your friends. One of my friend took xperia c5 which cost 26000 RS. Comparing with that this phone is awesome. Rear camera is superb it can get almost the clarity of xpre (But don't expect like sony, sony camera is always great). Front camera we can't compare with sony bcz it has 13 mp for front also.
I really like the fingerprint sensor. My other friend has Iphone which have the same feature. It works well as same as Iphone sensor. For this price I got almost all the features of this two phones, it's pretty cool.  
Moreover you know the battery, its really a giant and recharges with max of 1 hr and 20 Min and last for more than 8 hours of continues game play and 3g/wi-fi browsing. If you are not cont play it will last for one day (24 hrs) completely. 


5 stars

 Muzammil

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 great phone with this price  

 Many thanks to flipkart for this kind of outstanding customer service.
about P1 i just want say go for it.without any doubt.
Fingerprint is working very well and is a very good addition in this price range.
- First time VIBE UI experience and its not bad and the firmware update gave the option to choose Google style UI as well with app drawer --> So no complaints. Need to dig more on different features like gestures etc.
- Normal electronic goods heating, nothing alarming
- 32 gigs + 32 gigs (SD Card) --> enough space for all the needs
- Screen is excellent
- Camera needs to be tested further  


5 stars
mukul sharma

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1  

 Vry good .....performance , good camera , good look , big syorage memory..i m loving it 


5 stars

 shahnawaz khan

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe P1 review  

 the most amazing phone ever in this range with all good functions,amazing camera,brilliant display,fabolous look,good sound,outstanding battery. 


5 stars

 Rakesh Kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Monster in its price range  

 The Monster in its price range, battery is powerhouse, Decent looks with ergonimicaly designed 
32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB which can handle all one needs on phone
Gorilla Glass 3 protection sratch proof
Good fast-focus for rear camera, front is something not to complain about
Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both sims work excellent
Fingerprint sensor is one of excellent, quick to work with
power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge, and can survive for few days in case of emergency
Can be used as a powerbank to other devices to take and give charge
design is super ergonimic, easy to operate
5.5 inch 1080p display, with great under sun visibility
Decent processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance, no hanging
Android 5.1 with VIBE UI one chose Google UI too
Speaker quality is real good, no need to carry external speakers
Comes with Cover and screen guard complete package 
Only con is the plastic tips on the back cover - though one does feel it from outside but it is of plastic 
Overall excellent value for money 


4 stars

 Lalit

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lalit  

 Awesome phone wd Long battery last long as compare to other phones I have recently purchased & performance was satisfactory, but one thing they have to work on its camera its OK but not outstanding. Pics clicked they r fine but not outstanding, in other categories phone is good l will give 4 stars 


5 stars

 senthil kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent phone  

 I recently purchased lenovo vibe p1 through flipkart. The features and battery backup are awesome. This phone consists fingerprint scanner which is working good but comparing to iPhone its just OK.The internal storage is more than sufficient 


4 stars

 Lalit Suryavansi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Loved it  

 Impressive looks and stunning design with metal body 
state of the art technologies like Fingerprint sensor with fast response
lag free performance thanks to octacore processor and 2GB RAM 
Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
Android 5.1 on board with customization of UI, we can chose Google UI as well
Gorilla Glass protection
Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS 
comes with screen guard and transparent cover
power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge it and 3 days to drain it in normal usage
Weight is an issue but can go with it 
Cameras could be better, red eye in pics is annoying may be due dual color flash
Overall a good phone in this range   


5 stars

 Sagar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Very good product  

 The phone is extremely good, the battery life is excellent 3 days does not require charging at all even when data and mobile are ON, the phone has a responsive UI and easy to handle. 
I would recommend this to anyone who has heavy usage of data and voice calls, also due to the built in 32GB of ROM there is no worries on app and data storage 


5 stars

 Kaushik Ray

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 One word Happy  

 I can only say that this is one of the best purchase on mobile I could have done. Excellent UI, battery and fingerprint scanner.. :)  




#############################PAGE-102#####################################
5 stars
Ramu Koki

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth to buy  

 Superb performance everything is awesome . but only thing is weight of phone . its little difficulty to carry .. 


5 stars

 Vinu Gowda

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 BEST CONFIGURATION WITH AFFORDABLE PRICE  

 i would rate 5 out of 5, With an added advantage on 5000Mh battery and with best display resolution. Overall satisfactory.  


4 stars
Balram Satapathy

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vine P1  

 Nice Phone...Handy for usage and easy to handle. 32 GB ROM is nice and camera Clarity is Nice Too. 13 MP Rear & 5MP Front. Good for Selfies. 


5 stars

 Piyush Singh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best in the Market  

 Perfect mobile for mango people.......
The Best part is the camera you can compare it with any other High end mobile.Also the ice in the cake is the Hand Lock.
I will suggest every one to buy this mobile in a range of 16000. 


4 stars

 Rohit Ganjoo

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1 an all rounder!!  

 Lenovo vibe P1 is a powerhouse and complete value for money. The phone has excellent features like fingerprint scanner, 5000 mah battery,fast charging,nfc,etc. 
The display is good at 1080*1920 with 401ppi. It also features various brightness modes. 
I would have loved if the phone would come with 3GB Ram however 2gb is sufficient for day to day activities and moderate gaming. 


5 stars
SHIV SHANKAR

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Smart Device  

 We have good experience while using the VIBE P1 tremendous features and memory space easy to use makes it very smart device 


4 stars

 Shailesh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 A good phone with GRAND battery life  

 A smartphone will be smartphone if it has battery to show features.
Pros: - Good battery life -48 hrs with both sim enable and 3G connection
 Good selfie camera
Metallic Body
OK Google feature enabled always
Fingerprint scanner 
Cons: - Behind Camera is not good
Phone is too heavy
5.5 inch screen + extra spaces around screen  


5 stars

 Giriraj Gupta

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenova Vibe P1 - worthy to have it  

 Purchasing of Lenova Vibe P1 is right decision and also recommended to others. In my opinion some features are best in this mobile like look, appearance, handling battery and quality of pictures etc. In real senses it is worthy to purchase this mobile. I feel only one might be the issue that there is no service center in Kakinada for Lenova - which expecting that not required. 


4 stars

 AP

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good buy  

 It's a nice buy. Good battery so no hassle of regular charging. Looks are good. Good RAM size and processor speed. Overall good buy.  


5 stars

 RAKESH

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo's answer to other top brands  

 finally It is Lenovo which has truly read into the consumers mind and come out with a product which will please everyone from all walks of life.
1.) best battery 4900mah which will last you atleast 1.5 to 2 days on decent usage, battery charges fro 0 to 100% in 1.30 hrs fast charge.
2.) 13 mp main camera for crisp pics and videos with dual led flash and 5mp front camera. good results even during low light and dark.
3.) 5.1 lolipop software
4.) 2gb ram and 32 gb internal memory----phone is fast and does not hang nor does it heat up even after prolonged use.
5.) in-built apps which are quite useful for business/ employees/ students.
6.) can be compared to most other high end phones which are 2-3 times more costly.
7.) have been using it for 2 months now and find it the best.
8.) my opinion--- SIMPLY THE BEST. 




#############################PAGE-103#####################################
5 stars

 Bhavye Bighamal

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 A good phone to go for.  

 It is the best phone in the described category. Battery is so good that you don't need to charge the battery for 2 days, which is so important in today's technology. 5000maH battery provides an extra feature to be used as a Portable charger and even if you are low on battery you can go in a diff mode which will save your battery by pressing a button. 
The expandable data card is cool. 128 GB. :D and yes 32 internal too. What extra do we need.. Camera on the front side is so so. Not so good not so bad but rear camera is good one.
All in all I like this phone. :) 


5 stars

 A Harigovind

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazing phone!  

 Best phone for the price range... Really satisfied by the product. Amazing battery backup and no issues od heating also. Except the weight, everything else is just brilliant. 


5 stars

 BISHART ALI

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1 IS A PERFECT PHONE  

 LENOVO VIBE P1 IS A PERFECT SMART PHONE IN THIS PRICE RANGE CAMPARE OTHER BRANDED COMPANY'S. I THINK THIS IS BEST SMARTPHONE IN THIS RANGE 


5 stars

 Santhosh Kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 - at it's best!!!  

 Best phone in the market for the price!!! 
Pros: Excellent battery - which can stand at least for 60 hours. My old phone needs charging twice a day. Touch is fantastic with gorilla glass. Lenovo UI is good. Selfie camera with 5mp pixels gives fantastic PhotoShoot experience. In built apps saved a lot of time reinstalling the sw. Screen display & resolution makes my journey time enjoyable watching movies. 
Cons: Not yet faced any, except the earphone is not included with the box. 


5 stars

 Mani P

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe P1  

 battery life is super, sensor is very fast, but Tamil language is not available, greate phone, value for money 


5 stars

 prakash p

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Personally experienced very good  

 this phone very quick and Selle phone i like it so much,othing is worse than inaccurate information. If you're not really sure, research always 


5 stars

 Pankaj Jain

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Go for it!!!  

 4900 mah battery, 5.5 inch full HD screen, Qualcomm Snapdragon Octa-core Processor, Corning Gorila Glass protection, sound internal memory of 32GB coupled with 2 GB RAM, 24 Watt powerful charger, 4G + 4G SIM compatibility and Flipkart's swift delivery.... What else you want man!!!!! 
Other models with same specifications are way above Lenovo's price. Do not think any more and grab it. 
Missing: Doby Atmos experience, Headset from manufacturer as a part of accessories, scope of improvement for camera performance. 


3 stars

 Manmohan Bhatn...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 OK phone  

 battery is huge, however without using power saver function it lasts only one full day and may be few extra hours
however if you use battery saver function, it lasts for 2 and half day
phone is little bulky and heat while charging in rocket charging mode.
camera is ok. but very bad in low lights
finger scanner function works with screen lock pattern only.
rest is good. 


4 stars
Priyadarshini Kri...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great phone  

 The phone is great will max features for the cost. The large battery makes it efficient for surfing all day... I am enjoying not charginf the phone for a long time. The internal memroy is sufficient and there aren't many integrated apps. Loving the overall experience. 


5 stars

 Kishore

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Far better than s6 for the price tag...  

 Vibe p1 though I owe s6 most of the features are all relevant apart from RAM of 3 gb and s health...this phone is just awesome no words to explain it's performance an features for the price it has been offered it is one kind of a gem.Flipkart-no words to explain about your prompt delivery in just 24 hours.keep up the good work....rock on... 




#############################PAGE-104#####################################
5 stars
Viren Rana

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Amazingggg.....  

 Battery life is the reason i bought it.
it runs 2 days in normal use.
cameras are good too.
Loved the vibe interface
Ram is 900mb free normally so any app runs smoothly 


5 stars
Gaurav Bhambota

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 AWESOME PHONE WITH NO LAGS & PERFECT LOOKS  

 I just loved the build quality and it weight as it defines it as a good phone. processor is good and there is no lag time while operating. the camera is better than k3 note and alsoits is faster like i phone. fingerprint reader works fine and battery life is good it lasts 2.5 days with average use of internet and games and videos. it best at its price . 


5 stars

 Sameer Mansuri

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone  

 1-Dual Sim, 4G, 3G, Wi-Fi, NFC
2-Octa Core, 1.5 GHz Processor
3-2 GB RAM, 32 GB inbuilt
4-5000 mAH Battery
5-5.5 inches, 1080 x 1920 px display
6-13 MP Camera with flash
7-Memory Card Supported, upto 128 GB
8-Android, v5.1 
I am using this phone for last one month and i dont found any bugs or issues.And i am completely satisfied with this phone, fingerprint sensor works well and fast.Out of 2gb nearly 1.1 to 1.2 gb ram is available after installing some daily usefull apps. Battery backup is very good it last for two days of normal usage. Sound quality is loud and clear. Box does not contain headset you have to buy it from store. I just dont like the color reproduction of camera the natural colors are not clear which is clearly seen in mi4i. Overall it is a good phone. 


5 stars
KHAN SADDAM

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Battery is superb  

 I was using Sony xperia c and had issues with signal drop frequently.One of my friend has recommended this phone. 
After going through reviews , I have ordered the phone which got delivered in a day. 
Battery is getting charged in one hour.I have not noticed any kind of abnormal heat coming up from the phone during the charge.Usually I will be on phone more than two hours continuously and never observed heat from the phone. 


4 stars

 Sai Praneeth

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 100% Worth buying!!! :D  

 I was looking for a mobile in 20,000/- range. Almost all brands were offering nearly same configuration(comparitively greater RAM and Processor for few brands).  
The one feature that attracted me in this mobile is Battery(5000mAh). I was like WOW!!! And its upto the mark too! I can charge it in just one hour and forget about charging for the rest of the day! No other mobile in this range is not even close to this huge Battery!! So, battery is major asset!  
Coming to Performance, 2GB RAM and 1.5GHz processor are adequate for a decent performance, atleast for average users like me! And guess what! Games like N.O.V.A. 3 are excellent with this configuration itself! What more do I need??!!! 
Camera is good, expecting updated software with new effects. UI is superb! And the FINGER PRINT SENSOR!!!! It's so useful and hasslefree and eliminates the effort in drawing pattern/entering PIN everytime I unlock the phone!!! Phew!!! OTG os a bonus! 
So, that's it!!! What could be a better phone than this when its just 15999/- when I was looking for almost same configuration with budget of 20,000 in hand?!! I'm so happyy!!! 


5 stars

 sumit dhiman

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 excellent ph with a exceptional battery..  

 Best phone with a excellent battery, no need to amazing ph with a great battery no need to recharge for whole day .amazing camera quality.vibe is a smart buy in this range. 


4 stars

 Vivek Singh

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb phone on many fronts  

 Its been a month since I am using Lenovo Vibe P1. Its a great phone on many fronts like Battery backup, screen and sound quality.
On a single charge of 1 hour and moderate uses battery lasts for 2 days. 
Screen visibility is superb in day light as well.  


5 stars

 Sridhar R

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Good service, delivered before the date. Excellent Product , good configuration with such lowest price. 


5 stars

 Prakash Deepch...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Beast of mobile phones  

 This phone is one of the best I have ever used, earlier I was using iPhone 5, after purchasing vibe P1 I am completely satisfied, It is better than IPhone 5, thanks lenova. 


5 stars

 nikhil

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Thanks to lenovo and flipkart..  

 Lenovo vibe P1 is just awesome phone as described in specifications..with huge sensitive display and fingerprint scanner.
at 16k I got everything that I never expected. . 




#############################PAGE-105#####################################
5 stars
??????? ???

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for Money - Lenove Vibe P1  

 Its really Value for money - The best specs! 32 GB Space where its good space. 
Good Battery Back-up - RATE of 5 out of 4.5... 


4 stars
Divyadeep Hada

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Super value user friendly phone  

 Extremely user friendly, In addition to the massive 5000 Mah battery there are features to extend the battery life. High resolution camera and screen. Decent selfie camera. A very powerful set of speakers.Few other features like auto turn and off personalised msging. True value for money. 


4 stars

 Arun Kumar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 the phone is good with awesome display quality ,and camera is also good, and battery backup is okay...only the concern with the weight is there. 


5 stars

 Jinesh Malavia

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best  

 Awesome phone
Battery lasts atleast 30 hrs without power saving mode on.
2 gb ram is sufficient.. No lag I've found up till now
Looks of this phone are fabulous.. Much good then shown in pics.
Good camera quality.. Better than other lenovo phones like k3 note etc
Best phone in this budget. 
If u are in confusion about buying this i would recommend u to go for it without any hesitation. 


5 stars

 Dr. Vickram Je...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone  

 Fantastic phone with awesome features like finger print sensor, good camera, great sound quality, Huge battery stand by, etc. 
I will recommend this phone. 


5 stars

 Vishal Agarwal

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Phone, Value for money  

 Phone is a bit heavy due to battery size but that is negotiable with a great processor and a 5000mAH Battery. 


4 stars

 Anindya R C

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Old wine in a new bottle!  

 Old wine in a new bottle. If you had used K3 note then you will find nothing new in it! And extra Rs. 6500/- bucks will not justify extra 16MB RAM, metal body or 2000 mamp more battery capacity! The antutu score is much less(34000 aprox) than that of K3 note (43000 aprox). The screen resolution is not as I impressive as FHD with 401 PPI. I am using other brands with less PPI but much vibraint screen. Anyways its my personal view and the first time lenovo users will be much facinated by this model. Overall its a great phone at this price range and a wise buy. K3 note will also serve u if u are a moderate user.And finally i didn't found any reason for a mechanical switch for the supper saver mode, where u can switch it off by a software switch!!! I think its just a gimmick!! 


5 stars

 Mubin Lakadia

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone in 16k  

 Reviewing after 1 month... 
It is great device with the features that you get in around 25k device. 
Battery is giant on paper and it really justify. It last easily for 2 days even with heavy usage and you can charge other device from Vibe P1 with in the box provided extension. 
Finger print sensor works awesome and it works 99% times and very quick less than 0.5 sec. 
Phone is little heavier in weight but if you compare any other 5.5 inch screen devices except Samsung A series and consider the larger battery weight is really justified. In couple of days you will get used to it so it doesn't matter. But yes if you like light weight device around 150 grams you should definitely think twice as you will feel weight of the device in hand. 
Build quality and camera both are good. Camera quality is not excellent but it's not bad too. 
Overall it's worth to buy and it's real value for money device. 
I would recommend this device to everyone who is looking to buy device in around 15k. 
I got 10% discount so for me this device cost me only 14,400/-. 
Go and buy guys on this coming 21-23 DEC sale :)  


5 stars

 Mohan

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best at this price  

 Can't expect better at this price. I bought it during the 10âÂÂ offer period.
I haven't used lenovo before, and I should say this phone is just awesome! 
The battery lasts for two days with moderate usage. Dispaly is good will gorilla glass. Camera is good even at low light. Lenova UI is cool. And there is secure zone and open zone option available, by which we can customize the functionalities which should be seen in each mode, it is something new which I haven't seen before. Fingerprint sensor is very accurate and easy to use. Graphics is also good. You can go for it without second though. Worth for every penny. 


5 stars

 Vivek Vishwakarma

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Mobile phone with good config.  

 Lenovo Vibe P1 is very stylist smart phone available on Flipkart with unbelievable price INR15999 and having hardcore configuration but the only problem is heating issue while charging. Still performance, touch, camera, extra feature are excellent. 




#############################PAGE-106#####################################
5 stars
Robin Walia

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Overall 9.3/10 amazing  

 So here are my review after 4 week 
1) Phone is quite well after update , putting animation scale on .5x make it fast a lot 
2) i always use nova launcher and i really hate it's simple launcher so nothing new here
3) fingerprint sensor is above s5 which makes it great 
4) after some hammer test my desk passes but i putted medium pressure
5) i still debut that it have ips panel 
6) sharp better display 1080p better than any other phone in price range of this
7) now gaming after enabling force 4x msaa and moving to sd card this phone is superb
8) camera in outdoor amazing but in artificial light average 
9) i really like snapdragon 615 but i think lenovo should give snapdragon 615 1.7 GHZ 
10) overall phone is superb want phone in this range buy this passed in all manner 


5 stars

 Prakash Karambele

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Loved it  

 Its amazing.. Couldn't wish for any better phone..awesome battery..kudos to lenovo.. 


4 stars
Babita Dhankhar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 I like it...  

 Phone is nice with good battery backup but I had expected a higher battery life.. Other features are good and useful.. Look wise it is smart and impressive.. Little heavy because of metallic body but still it is good.. Sound quality is awesome.. 


4 stars
Kunal

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Happy to have it  

 Its very nice phone...great battery.. n fast charge....touch is very smooth...no complaint till..review after using one month.. 


4 stars

 Srujan S

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best for battery backup  

 I am writing this after 1 month usage.. The big thing in this is battery backup. It lasts up to two days easily in 3G mode. Charging is also like lightning fast.
Camera.. Quality of the images are not so good in low light.
Signal & data transfer is good.  


5 stars

 Nitin Pasricha

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone ever used  

 I'm very satisfied with this phone. Figure print access is very smooth. It doesn't hang. Internal 32GB memory and extendable as well. RAM 2GB. Awesome phone at this price. Good deal from Flipkart. :) 


3 stars

 Himanshu Patel

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone  

 This is a awesome phone specially the battery is superb.... It fast charging is also good... Touch awesome.. In all good phone i recommend this phone u should by... 


4 stars

 Tanuj

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money....lovely  

 Lovely phone.... Value for money.... Battery life 2 days.... 


5 stars

 Narsimha Reddy

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Mobile  

 Good phone for charging back up , camera clarity and speed for 3D games.finally awesome..32GB internal memory gives lot of apps to install. 


5 stars

 Akshit Jaggi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Device  

 The device is very awesome. The main problem I had with my previous cell phones was battery consumption. And now I don't charge my device well before 48 hours. The ultra power saver mode helped me during my bad time when I was stuck on my trip and the device was just 19% charged, using ultra power saver mode the device consumed 0% battery in 8 hours.
[Note:- my device is always connected to web by data network or WiFi and I attend nearly 100 calls per day and Music player is on for 6 hours everyday, still the device consumes 70-80% battery in 48hours.]
Only drawback is that Lenovo didn't provide the headphones with it. 




#############################PAGE-107#####################################
5 stars
Naresh Verma

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1 performance  

 Excellent performance, good qualities camera, very good battery backup in budget.
comes with good resolution, back cover, screen guard, latest OS and 4G support. 


4 stars
Prathamesh rao

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best phone  

 Best phone in this mid range only ram is less bt no hangs n lacks could be seen as phone is best for its fringer print sensor as I could see people complaining about the cam bt trust me guys the cam is too good n the aperture also works beautifully bt over all the phone is too good n best in this range 


5 stars

 Rishabh Mahendra

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 awesome phone mainly due to battery back up  

 It has been more than a month since i purchased this for a friend of mine. And every time she meets me, she says she is extremely happy with the phone. During floods when other phones lost charge, this was the only phone in our building to have charge all long for 5 days(also cause there was no network). Apart from this awesome battery feature, the camera is good, the body case is strong. For anyone who wants a phone below 20k and doesn't really want an extraordinary camera I would suggest you to go for this phone. 


5 stars

 Ashwit Bajpai

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent :)  

 Awesome battery backup.
Superfast processing.
Fast charging.
Overall it's a great phone. 


5 stars
Venkat Pasumarti

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Mobile , Felt Better Than My Old Mi4i  

 Good One , Battery Back up & Fast Charging is Good 
The Native Call Recording Facility Is excellent   


5 stars

 Lorence

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Are you suffer with short battery life ? are you hate powerbank. if not , why dont go for your prefer brand which stick in your heart ? 
Vibe P1 vs Redmi Note 3. to me, Vibe P1 is totally win. as a current smart phone , big battery is everything. 5.5mins per 1% , for GPS + MAP + 3G data + auto brightness . after whole day , you can still see your battery is around 50% ( = to 100% for samsung A7)
i use as hotspot after 2 hours , i can't feel the heat as well. its consume around 12%. 
camera is fast + good + dual tone flashing. sound is loud , finger print is so sensitive . play game u wouldnt feel the heat. what's other beside of this you need as a smart phone? 
go find a actual model & feel it. its a very quality build phone 


4 stars

 Nihar Trivedi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Nice product  

 Very nice product and good style. 
Steel body helps to get good looks and a transparent cover to protect the body is really thoughtful. 
happy with the delivery and service till date.  


5 stars

 SIDDHARAJ RAOL

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Pls pls have lenovo mobile is too good  

 Lenovo vibe p1 is wonder full mobile .
It's battery is 2 good .
It's doesn't get hang 
Fast and good in look 
O suggest to have this mobile 


5 stars

 Nirmal Patel

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 12 hour screen on time  

 I am quite happy with vibe p1.easily getting two days battery back up with all time 3g on in background. Getting more then 12 hour screen on time.what else you want at this price range?love you lenovo. 


5 stars

 Tathagata Mukh...

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Happy with it  

 cons
 - the ph number field allows only 18 numbers. you might wonder why on earth I need more length. actually I save conference numbers with passwords for quick dialling.
Pros
 - Battery - continues for 2.5 days without charging :)
 - camera - 13 mp
 - display - HD
 - processor - octacore - real fast.
 - looks - quite professional and attractive. 




#############################PAGE-108#####################################
5 stars

 Tushar Shukla

 15 Dec 2015 
 
 Power and Performance  

 I was confused between One plus X, Moto X Play and Vibe P1 and finally I went for this awesome thing. 
It has almost all the features of the other two and it transcendences them with it amazing battery life and fingerprint. 
The camera is one thing that pulls this one down a bit (not too much and I downloaded cam360 which emphasis the performance a lot) 
Turbo charge works fine with no heating issue (gets little warn while playing modern combat; I can live with that :) ) 
Overall, I'll rate it a perfect 5 and the delivery of flip-kart was upto the mark and thus makes me a happy customer.  


5 stars
Nitheesh

 15 Dec 2015 
 
 not good..Very good..best  

 Honest Review..
It delivered on 1st of december nd 14 days over....
Very good experience ...
Use Next Launcher which fits best nd gives greater response nd experience..
battery is awsome....
fingerprint 8/10... it takes 2 seconds to unlock...
cameras 9/10 -- both r lag free which clicks photos in less than a second but u should not shake while capturing....
no second talk about battery - for normal users it provides battery of more than 2 days...
power saving mode works fine...
speaker is good........... 
finally .. its a value for money.. though all these features are provided in mobiles of les than 10000 ,,16000 is worth for its battery nd 32 gb internal storage..
Really no heating problem while using but while charging it heats little which is common but cools down quickly.. 


5 stars
SatishKumar M

 15 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone with good long lasting battery  

 I was using HTC one X + and had issues with signal drop frequently.One of my friend has recommended this phone. 
After going through reviews , I have ordered the phone which got delivered in a day. 
Battery is getting charged in one hour.I have not noticed any kind of abnormal heat coming up from the phone during the charge.Usually I will be on phone more than two hours continuously and never observed heat from the phone. 
There is NO signal drop til now as I am using this phone for the past five days. 
Touch screen is simply superb.Its too fast :) 
Audio and music quality is far better then HTC one X +as I am using original head phones of some other brand company. 
Weight is more little bit compared to other mobiles , which can be ignored because of HEAVY battery. 
Thank you Flipkart for delivering the mobile in a day . 
Mobile Exchange offer is very useful in flipkart. 
As of now there is No problem with mobile.Hence suggesting others this mobile. 
I will keep on checking the performance of the phone for next couple of days.   


4 stars
Akhil G Nair

 15 Dec 2015 
 
 It has everything.  

 First of all I thought it had a weak speaker and a low brightness. But it proved me wrong. The smart brightness in the setting, enhances it. Awesome battery life. A smartphone worth to buy!! 


4 stars

 Shimjit Kurup

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth the price  

 I was surprised when I saw so many features at this price. Was skeptical but ordered it as I wanted to replace my old Samsung S2. I was happy with the decision. Reasons: 
1. Big screen and good to hold
2. Feature to make it small screen to use it with one hand
3. Fingerprint sensor - no need to use pattern swipe - just keep your finger on the sensor and it unlocks
4. Recharging battery once in 20-22 hours with 57 apps running. Huge battery
5. OTG, ShareIT and other apps make transferring data and watching videos smooth.  
Did not like:
1. Camera - not so good. Not worth a 13 mp - I wonder if its really 13 mp. Images not clear not sharp. If you zoom it, its worse
2. Sound quality not great. Especially the loudspeaker volume.  
Considering the price and features its definitely worth buying. No heating or any sound issues from the phone after 15 days of usage. 


5 stars

 Ravi Kumar

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 value for money. good quality  

 The battery back up is amazing. there is NO heat issue as reported by some users.
Overall a great phone to buy. 


4 stars

 mohammad Taslim

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 This is great package ,true value for money  

 Awesome package ,true value for money.
battery backup is phenomenal .
though poor Cam quality but not worst . 
fit finish and build quality it just damn good.
overall its great product . 


5 stars

 Nichanametla v...

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 great phone  

 great phone in this range
thanks to lenovo for this great phone
battery is too good
finger print locker is excellent
this is a honest review. 


4 stars
ANTONY GEORGE

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 An average phone with Good battery capacity  

 Battery capacity is very good. Other features like display, photo quality, handling etc. are average only. 


4 stars

 Abhijit

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 This is a very good product for 15999.  

 This is a very good product.I am use for last 1month.
Why you buy lenovo vibe p1?
Ans:5 reason of buying.
1) Very good battery backup.(5000mah)
2)Big screen with full HD Display.(5.5")
3)Very fast processing.No hanging problem.
4)Smart vibe UI with very good sound quality.
5)Fingerprint scanner(lock)
very good design.I really satisfied.Best product in under 16k. 




#############################PAGE-109#####################################
5 stars
Manoj Mondal

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P 1  

 That is Very Good Mobile for me. After Very Long Day I found a Good Mobile in Affordable price and with full of features. 


3 stars
Krishnakumar Jayswal

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 So far so good !!! capacity for memory  

 So far so good !!!
The phone is just as said in the specs, the highlight of the phone is the fingerprint tech.  
13 mp camera does its work well. But I felt it can do little more better.not good pick this camera 
beetary good but then betar lenovo s 860 good  
A big 2015 mb update was done. This is first day review. All good as of now, will update later on using the phone to its max :-)  


5 stars
sallu fiza

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Value of money ... Best and best  

 The phone is best ... Battery huge ... Snapdragon 610 ... 32 gb inbuilt ... Lots more in a single phone ... The main feature it has otg , fast charge, open mode and secure mode that acting like dual os in one phone awesome ... 


5 stars

 Abhishek Khadtare

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Mobile  

 Search Endsssss Here................ The Great Mobile more better than mobile in the range of 25k. 
Overall great mobile with great feature................ 
Also flipkart has given 100 % genuine service 


5 stars

 Ganesh Choudhary

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent, highly recommended  

 Excellent, highly recommended, strong battery life, great camera, you will not regret when you buy it. 
The best thing is the battery more than two days even after watching three movies and playing game for 5 hours.
new new Rocket Charge with this phone (Full charge in 1.5 hours)which helps charge this giant battery in the time of a regular battery 
The Vibe UI is something you will have to learn to live with.
Superb battery, ‘rocket charge’ make this stand out.
Internal storage is 32 GB is enough. and 128 GB External.
Snapdragon processor 615 is fastest and cool no heating and no hanging with two GB of RAM.
Glass protection and a great display with smooth touch.
Realy I like it.  


5 stars

 Devarshi Vyas

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesomeness At Its Best !!  

 I reviewing after 1 month of intense use, firmware is updated to latest company provided version and not rooted ma device yet. 
Fist word come in my mind "PerformanceBeast" , its a performance beast , doesn't even lag once in a month playing high end game Asphalt 8 and Mortal combat x, 
Only warm a bit when charging and that is also ignorable , if you have brain and know technology well enough then you can easily understand it does warm when u have to charge 5000mah battery in just 1.5 hour , so all comment of heating is worthless, Yupp its fast charging like a boss!! 
Finger sensor Work best.. this phone is best , feels so awesome when hold in hand, it has very good back material love to hold 
Saying Camera quality is not be like DSLR will be foolish here cause its decent enough in price range and i loved it. 
The best part of this phone is its battery :- if ur a hardcore user of cellphone, this phone is definitely for you, I can use this phone whole day without even looking at battery percentage, and the best part is it juice up 5000mah in just 1.5 hour by rocket charger... So say bye bye to battery worries ;) ;)  
Final Verdict :- Awesome Beast and a Peak Performer , I love you my Lenovo Vibe P1 


5 stars

 Prabhakar

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe P1... Best phone...  

 After reading many reviews on flipkart and from friends I was finally confused between oneplus 2 and vibe P1.... finally I decided to buy P1 as it was 10k cheaper (got 5% discount).... And I never regret my decision... Awesome phone... 
Pros: exceptional touch experience,
Excellent camera quality
Captures WiFi and mobile signal efficiently
Battery is awesome
Apps runs very smoothly.. No lag
Awesome design
Speaker's are very loud and flash light is very bright
Finger print scannner works well
It heats a little while charging but it is because of larher Battery size so I won't put this point in cons
There are no cons at all as of now
Great experience from Lenpve and Flipkart... 


4 stars

 Nitin

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Good But Not Great  

 The phone is good enough for most of the users but if you are looking for super high performance or butter smooth UI experience you might be disappointed.  
Battery - The best thing about the phone. It lasted me for about 3 days with average usage. The phone is bundled with rocket charger which usually took around 100 minutes to charge the battery. 
Camera - Not great but good enough for average users.  
Fingerprint Scanner - It works well on straight angles but if won't unlock the phone if your finger is not placed at the centre. Also, it allows only to register only two fingers.  
User Interface - Vibe UI is not perfect and I found it little buggy at times, though you can get away with it at most times. You can switch to android UI as well, but that is also not perfect and lags at times.  
Speaker - Quite loud but high treble makes the sound unbearable at times.  
Gaming - Being a mid-range phone don't expect to run high end games this device. Though with medium UI settings I found the gaming performance was fine.  
I found no heating issues with the phone. Call quality and cellular signal reception were good.  
Overall its a good buy for the price.  
If you are looking for good phone at this price range, you should consider Moto X Play and OnePlus X as well, and choose the one which suits your needs. 


5 stars

 Vinoth Kumar

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Phone at 16k Price Range  

 I am using this phone for a month and overall satisfied with the performance.
Good Camera not that much good but ok at this price range.
Fingerprint scanner works really fast. 
There are many good features in this phone. If you are looking for a phone at this price range than strongly recommend it.  


5 stars

 Prasheel Soni

 12 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for Money  

 Awesome device.....faster, smarter, better...Fingerprint scanner is cool. No lagging, no heating, Superfast charging and tortiose discharging.....a must buy in this range.... 




#############################PAGE-110#####################################
5 stars

 Abhinash chandran

 12 Dec 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe p1 , trustable and trust worthy review.  

 First let me tell you something,people says many disadvantages about this product to make it go down in, sales and quality .. Don't trust any 
Here is the review for vibe p1 , 
First of all battery, heavy users this phone is really meant to you 52 minutes, screen on Time and 
Full H+ browsing ,which drained about only 3 %. 
Even though battery is superb let's come to processor,
It has octa core processor, which is best in below 20 k phones in mobile history.best in multi tasking. 
Camera it has 13 mp primary best in good light condition , and OK in dark lights.
Secondary 5 mp same. 
It has full HD 1080 and smooth touch experience ,u ll really love it. 
Around 2hr 30 min of movie play time it drained about just 20 % in normal brightness . 
 If u were a moto user this phone won't b heavy for you at all ,rest will feel some difference and u ll get used to it .  
It has many in built apps which ll b really help full for you ..  
Am saying this review in vibe p1 only. Don't trust the bad feedback ,if so ,u have 30 days replacement policy in flipkart ,u can change the product.   


5 stars
Nishant sharma

 12 Dec 2015 
 
 best smartphone for heavy users  

 best phone for gaming.I played games like Asphalt 8,WWE immortals,NFS no limits and some more for 4 hours and it's discharge only 60 percent.Good look with metal finish.its really charge like roket with 5000 MAh battery its full charge in only 2 hours.BUT if u want a phone with a great camera then this phone is not for u.Camera is just ok not so good.And with 5000 MAh battery its little bit heavy but its fair beacuse u got a metalic finish body with a huge battery.Ram should be 3 gb,but u can play all games like GTA,ASPHALT 8,WWE immortals,and others heavy games with smooth feel.its heat when its charging,but after that no heat even when playing games for 2 or 3 hours 


4 stars

 Ritesh Shrivastav

 12 Dec 2015 
 
 Good product  

 As of now no issue, and performing well. The reason why I chosen this device was the battery backup, and found it to be working fine as expected. 


5 stars

 Shrikanth Bann...

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 This Smartphone is really Smart...  

 I purchased it on 27/11/2015
For the first time of battery charging it took more than 7 hours, I spoke to flipkart and asked for Replacement, they completed their Replacement process within 2 days and approved for the Replacement, 
 I received on 05/12/2015, After Receiving cell I felt much happy on flipkart and Lenovo brand to provide me such a great powerful device... 
Its really Excellent...
*4900mah Battery backup for minimum 2days and more for my use,
*Great Rocket charging feature,
*weight is doesn't even matter if u used heavy smartphone before,, 
*smooth device to use better,
*premium outlook,
*great configuration include 1.5 Ghz Octacore processor,
*5.5 Display,
*great finger touch sensor,,
and many other great built-in functions, its really amazing product and nice to improve your lifestyle... 
its 100% value for money... 
Thanks lenovo for providing such a great device with reasonable price...
and
Special thanks to Flipkart team for Rocket speed service...:-) 


4 stars

 Ramesh B

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent product  

 Been using this for over three weeks. Excellent mobile. Value for money. Excellent battery life. Rocket charging feature is good.
Fast delivery by flipkart 


5 stars

 AVNISH KUMAR

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Phone is Awesome..  

 In this price range this Mobile is best.The best part of this phone is it`s fingerprint scanner and battery backup.The display is also very good.Camera is also upto the mark after update.The Lenovo VIBE UI has lot of personalisation option and i am happy to see them in my phone.
 The mobile is little heavy but this is not a problem... 
Go for it...  


3 stars

 Manish Gupta

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Vipe P1  

 Just bought it and sending it back :( 
Pros :  
1. Have screen film & back cover in box. 
2. Apps of Google works good.
3. Charges very fast
4. Looks good
5. Bettery back up is great...but do you really need it...becoz of weight.. 
Cons:
1. No email app. Gmail app...which I hate to the core. Download new app from google play but....have compatibility issue...
2. Heavy built & weight. Can be used at weapon (hammer) also.
3. Slippery....i am sure..it will slip from my hand and back cover will get damaged in 2 -3 months.
4. Not really recommended... 


5 stars

 Pramod Sethi

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome phone to buy !!  

 I am proud owner of this great mobile.... Looks,battery life,camera,fingerprint reader,OTG etc are some great features of this mobile... 
Go for it... Worth buying this mobile... 
And great thing about flipkart is it delivers with in 2 days of placing order. 


5 stars
Pankesh Jogi

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Phon  

 Very good product at this price. 
Good Display , Very good Battery life, with very nice software. 
Can really buy at this price. 


5 stars

 Shashank Mehta

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Dual SIM 4G Phone  

 Guys, I will make it short and straight for folks reading the review. I have never done review for any product but for this I feel that I should do it.
The first question that you should ask yourself before buying a phone what you want from the phone. 
I was looking for 
1.) Dual SIM
2.) 4G Capable
3.) Battery Life
4.) Full HD Display
5.) Android Lollipop
6.) Internal Memory > 32GB (& Expandable) 
Above all, excellent call quality because I struggled a lot on this front with my last phone nexus5. 
If above is your checklist then look no beyond this phone because this phone has these capabilities and is delivering very well on these fronts. 
It's only 3 days, if I encounter any issues then surely I will come back and update here but for now 5 stars to this phone.  




#############################PAGE-111#####################################
5 stars

 Kumaresh

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 1 Month Usage of Lenovo Vibe P1  

 I have been using Nokia Lumia 720 and then switched to Lenovo Vibe P1. 
Nokia use to heat while charging but this device surprisingly not getting heated during charging and also while playing games(Asphalt).
Bio-metric is really good for this cost
Ram Usage: Memory will be used if your apps run in background. so stop the apps which is not necessary to run on background.
Battery: really Awsome. after full charge, playing games, browsing, watching movie and etc. it comes for solidly 2 days.
Picture quality is also good. 


3 stars
Nayak

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Fairly good  

 It is fairly good. But when compared to other phones, especially MI, it is way behind it. In comparison to others, it is a good buy. 


4 stars

 Srinivas T

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Great product at great price from lenovo  

 The device is really cool with great features... The finger print sensor is really fast and very impressive! The MRP price on the box is 15100, where as FK sells it at 15999!
 Pro's:
- Battery!, lasts 3days for me with 1day full usage of dual SIM with one on 3G and 4-8hrs on Wifi. This is the very reason why I bought this piece!
- Im not gammer but did try to see if it heats up... it actually did very well.. no heating issues! 
Con's:
- Camera is average as others rated!, but acceptable. Way better than pricy Moto-G!
- Little heavy! 


5 stars

 Priyank Arya

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Supper  

 Oh, its a very nice piece mnf. by Lenovo, camera is cool, battery is ok can go for 24 hrs with internet, no heating issue, build is solid, yes slightly heavy but its ok, Images are very sharp and works very well in low lights. If size is not a issue, u must go for this piece. 


5 stars

 Jay Prakash

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Yeah! Its awesome.  

 I was waiting for mi5, but got an amazing phone on hand. Yes, its vibe p1 which broke my patience. People say camera is average but its good. 2gb ram might sound less for someone but its performance is good, multitasking is great and high graphics games are nice with very unnoticeable lags. Battery is outstanding and fingerprint sensor works very well. Its a true value for money. Go for it without any second thought... It won't let u down. PEACE OUT! 


4 stars

 Kunal Kolachela

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Sturdy yet Stylish in hand.Smooth in operation.  

 With about 5 days of use... 
Battery life is seriously HUGE.
Sound from the speakers is loud and clear enough.
Display is very clear while watching videos.
Camera is surely good unlike what people are reviewing on youtube and other places.
Processor is fast and does not show any lag. 
No earphones in the pack and I was a bit disappointed with that. 
Pleasant Surprise feature for me is that we can directly read from the USB through the adapter they gave in the box. 
The delivery and packing by Flipkart was Excellent. 


4 stars

 Vaibhav M.

 10 Dec 2015 
 
 The Best Phone ever...! With this price.  

 The best phone ever with this price that is 16k.
Pros-
The most important thing is its battery backup is huge tht is near about 2 days, with playing games 5-6 hours in a day.
 No hanging issue,smooth touch,vry good camera quality both.sound quality is also very good,
Charge within 1-1.30hrs,Stylish look. 
Cons-
No earphone with it.
Non removable battery. 
Thank you Flipkart for good service. 


5 stars
nadeem ahmad khan

 10 Dec 2015 
 
 superb  

 *****star 
good looking,battery backup excelant,finger sensor working very fast ,smooth screen ,32GB internal and 2GB ram prosess...1.5ghrtz fast speed, automatic LTE support very nice n easy 


5 stars

 Achiket Sonawane

 10 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome Battery  

 Great Phone, its been one month now i am using this phone. awesome battery life almost stays on 3 days with full day whatsapp / FB chats. 
Here is my Review : 
Batterty : 9 /10 
RAM : 8.5 ( Shuffle from one to another App / Phone doesnt get hang , very smooth performance) 
Display : 8.5 (Crystal clear and more vivid picture quality, love watching movies on it) 
CAM : 6/10 (Since i was a Sony xperia user cam quality is not upto the mark if u compare it to sony .. it works in good in sunlight but not useful at night / Dark places ) 
Design : 7/10 
Finger Print Scanner works really very well.  
Best Phone in this range ... would recommend to others. 


5 stars

 Tarun Arora

 10 Dec 2015 
 
 BATTERY IS GOD LEVEL - GREAT PHONE OVERALL AT GREAT PRICE  

 I know you already know that battery backup is huge. And some of you must be saying, so what? We can always carry a power bank or find a charging point.
Well if charging your phone every 3-4 hours, works for you then hey, man...you deserve to be tied around with your charging cable 24x7. But let me let you my experience with this phone... 
My charging Experience with Vibe P1 :
I charged this phone 2 days back at 10 PM in the evening. Fast charging..I was done by 12 at night and I removed the (I was using the phone all along for net surfing and video watching and still). So, it's been close to 36 hours now that i have put it on charge and battery was still 15% left. For 36 HOURS, I did not need a powerbank or the charging cable. Did not even think about it once. This is absolute freedom. 
My charging Experience with MOTO G (Previous Phone) :
Charge it full night. Because If i put it on charge at 10 PM it would take 2-3 hours for full charge and by morning it would drain out to approx 80%. So I had made a habit of charging all night. Even after so, the phone's battery would drain out by 4-7 PM with similar amount of usage as that of VIBE P1. So, in the middle of the working day, when i have to finish a lot of other important tasks, I had to look for a way out to take care of my power hungry phone, which I feel is a headache in itself. 
So...Decide yourself guys from the above comparison.  
Now coming to other parameters : 
It's not like if the battery is mammoth, then other features have been compromised.  
UI:
I was using CM12 on my MOTO G. And which is stock android experience. And I was skeptical about VIBE UI and tonnes of irritating features and add ons. But I was surprised that I got used to the UI within a few hours. It is not laggy or irritating. It feels a little refreshing from Stock Android, which is great. 9/10  
Camera :
Now it has been reviewed on various sites that camera is not that great and I was skeptical about that too. That is those people personal opinion. Don't forget that the hardware is 13 MP and that accounts for something. High light photographs are awesome. My GF got so impressed by the camera that she has kept the picture as her Display pic on FB/Whatsapp. CRYSTAL CLEAR IT WAS. 
- Yes, low light camera images suck pretty bad and are grainy. But hey, I am not someone who works too much in a low light environment. I can always turn on the lights. 
Fingerprint Sensor : 
a little Small for the thumb size impression. Yes, so detects only few portions of the thumb. So, u have to get used to the fact that which portion of your thumb and what pressure sensitivity u have to apply to unlock phone in one go. 
-For me it works 7 out of 10 times. Which is satisfactory. But can be improved for a faster experience.  
-Power saving mode is helpful. 6.5 hours of backup for calls after battery is reduced to 15% is appreciable. (Provided that u dont take any calls during that period,if u do then battery will reduce drastically from 6.5 hours to 5.5 hours etc...) 
- Silver color look and feel is premium. 
- COmes with a back cover +++++++++ 
- OTG CHARGING CABLE ++++++++ 
- SCreeen Guard +++++++ 
- POWER ROCKET CHARGEr +++++++ 
- 32 Gigs internal storage++++++  
Additional Info : 
1. Phone does heat while charging. How much : U cant keep it pocket directly. Makes u uncomfortable U have to wait for 5 mins to cool it down a bit. 
2. 3 Updates come on first day itself. Phone heats during update installation as well. SO better to update and then carry phone with u. 
5 stars for the much needed innovation in the battery of smartphones. Lenovo has hit the nail at the right spot.   




#############################PAGE-112#####################################
5 stars
Mayur Shinde

 10 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Smartphone............  

 Overall good. 
So Cool Phone all Time 
Minimum 24 hrs Battery Back up For 3G Network.....
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is Good
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear. 
Good deal. Value for money. 


4 stars
Prasanth babu

 10 Dec 2015 
 
 Not bad for this Price  

 Phone looks good ,didnt faced any heating issues so far.But for some reason the battery back up is not up to the mark ... it says 5000mah but it doesnt seem that way 


4 stars

 snak

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 Best Product  

 Best Product at this price. Good looking.. Fast charging... long losting charging...Good performance.. 


5 stars

 Arjun Muralidh...

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome  

 Its got everything a smartphone needs at the 15k price range. 1080p, quickcharge and awesome batterylife. I bought this phone on flipkart and its just awesome. Dont think just go ahead and click the buy button! 


5 stars

 Keerthi Vasan

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 Honest & Detail Review  

 First day:...I felt like...."Omg i was f......d.. coz of Heat while Charging.. its happened in first time charge..... 
After two Weeks: Tested Everything
 + Screen: 5.5 inch crystal clear image quality..(Dont worry about brightness...its awesome)
 + Touch: 10-point Multi-touch (sooo Good)
 + Sound: So Amazing...(Tried 3D sounds..too.....awesome Effect) 
 + Fingerprint: 10/10 
 + Heating: charging time....(Dont worry its common for all mobile....coz of fast charging.)
 + Gaming: 2gb ram but 1gb only available. NO lags while playing heavy games...like
 NOva,Asphalt,Gta san andreas Etc.etc. (1gb consumed by default programs...you can disable that in settings.) 
 + Charging Time: 1 hour 20 min for 100% .......(Rocket charger Amazing)
 I used more than 35 hours... still i got 19% ..then i put in power- saving mode..it shows...25 hours.......so i tested that too.... (i did more calls and messages...)....It gave 23 hours...... 
So 4900 mah batters is Amazing.. 
 +Camera: Back cam Average & Front Cam Above Average..*If u looking for best camera mobile means ..this is not your #Mobile.. Over all camera is good.. 
 Very Stylish Mobile & awesome Performance... 
Just go for it.......  


5 stars

 Vinay Amin

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 A SERIOUS BATTERY REVIEW  

 I would like to describe about the phone a bit. 
1. Amazing++++ Battery life (The best in any smartphone)
Believe me guys i am a total freak user of the smartphone, all day my phone is active, till date none of the smartphones has been able to stay for a complete days use. My last cellphone was samsung galaxy s6 edge plus which managed to give a screen on time of 4 to 5hrs(max).
Lets come straight to the point and talk about the Screen on time, for people who dont know what is screen on time please google it, an average phone with 3000mah battery gives around 4 to 5 hrs of screen on time which is huge.
Now coming back to lenovo vibe p1, The screen on time of lenovo vibe p1 with heavy heavy super heavy usage with all time 3g on is between 9.5 to 11.5 hrs.. if you are at home and whole day you are using wifi and not 3g then easily the screen on time crosses 11hrs, might touch 12 hrs as well.. havent tested it till 12 hrs because there hasnt been a single day when my battery reached 0% till i sleep at night.
In my life again i can never ever use a phone again with less battery life(Min 4000mah with fast charging is must). 
2. Fast charging (Does it really stay up to the word??)
Yes it does, The lenovo vibe p1 can charge your phone from 0 to 100% in 80 minutes. Can u believe it ?? A 5000mah battery getting charged in such a less time. The best part is i never observed any heating till date while charging (The ones who complain need to get their software updated after which they wont face any such issue).
Usually it happens that i use my phone whole day, get up in the morning by 8 get ready , my phone is ready with 100% .. i leave for work.. i come back from work by 8 pm , the battery is still 50% left with 5 to 6 hrs of screen on time till now. Now if i charge from here it gets charged till 100 in 45 minutes.. and there you are i am ready for 2 more days use.
I have a habit of charging my phones daily otherwise one charge is definitely efficient for 1 & 1/2 days for heavy users like me. For average users 2 days boss guaranteed.
Imagine you are charging for 1 hr and getting battery life of 2 days. isnt it incredible?? 
3. Performance.
Snapdragon 615 justifies the brand qualcomm... dont worry about performance , its good. 
Dont think just go for it. I am not a fanboy or something. i just appreciate what is good & i think lenovo has got bang on this time. Enjoy.. peace.. 


5 stars
Vipul W3nuts

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 Reference given by friend and it was perfect!  

 My friend is providing some Mobile Apps service to clients in India. 
I have asked him which phone will be best for my 15000 budget? 
He immediately told Lenovo Vibe P1 ... and really ! I feel Awesome!   


3 stars

 Pavankumar

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 LENOVO VIBER P1  

 Battery issue arise with in two month,it is not getting charge 100% even after keeping charge overnight.
camera quality is very bad 


5 stars
Manohari Kishore

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe Pi mobile  

 The phone is excellent. Very good for the price. It does not contain earphones in the box.
but the performance and features are excellent. 


3 stars
Dr Javed Akhtar S...

 08 Dec 2015 
 
 Heavy phone  

 Cons: Very heavy masculine phone difficult To hold,
I have used mi4i which was very sleek and light
RAM is less should b 3gb at least 
Pros:Internal memory and Battery  




#############################PAGE-113#####################################
5 stars

 Manish Guleria

 08 Dec 2015 
 
 Best in class..  

 Monster.. Just great phone in 15000. I m using this phone from last one month and I m fully satisfied by all aspects. Best battery best over all features. Best one. 


5 stars

 amit kumar

 07 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Phone  

 Amazing delivery by Flipkart, in 3 days itself
Phone build quality is nice, i was skeptical about the screen after reading all the reviews, but I found it to be good, with no problem in brightness. 
UI is awesome, better than one I was using on One plus one
Camera is average but surely not a deal breaker.
Overall a great phone. 


4 stars

 Patel Bhargav

 07 Dec 2015 
 
 nice phone  

 vibe p1m and vibe p1 is best option for who want to use internet full day.
best battery backup and camera.
the phone will heat while charging so lenovo need to solved this problem. 


3 stars

 Ravikumar C R

 07 Dec 2015 
 
 good one  

 But heating issues is there.Battery performance is ok
only battery is more otherwise k3 note=vibe p1
and camera quality is very poor 


4 stars

 kiran

 07 Dec 2015 
 
 Good product  

 All Good, I felt that if the screen resolution is bit brighter then it would be perfect.
Apart from that everything is awesome especially battery. 


5 stars
Padmanabhan Muthu...

 06 Dec 2015 
 
 Good business phone LENOVO VIBE P1  

 Amazing phone and i purchased mainly because of battery life and my business mail activity..i am fully satisfied with these two and additionally the sound quality which is really making amazed to further love with this device..Quick 2GB Ram,32 GB ROM.13 Mega pixel as front and 5 Mega pixel as rear camera all making me proud to be having this..I am not a big fan of game Frick and its not bothered me even otherwise also its HDME quality and LED letters almost like similar to I Phone...Battery stands for more than 2 days for me even i used to surf mails all regularly ..5000 mA as battery power is not just a specs but it matters a lot....I am fully satisfied with this and Thanks to flipcart to make me a proud owner for this phone.I strongly recommends if any body wants to go mid level business phone LENOVOI VIBE is the ideal choice... 


5 stars

 V Rajasekaran

 06 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb Phone to own  

 I would like to thank Flipkart for replacing my phone which had wifi connectivity problem without much trouble. Hats off to WS Retail for their service. Regarding the phone, it is one of the best phone in this range. No heating problem. Battery is really amazing. Clone it option, fingerprint sensor, etc are really good. Camera is also good. So far, I am really satisfied with the mobile I have purchased. Back cover removal is really not easy. Overall, I can say one word "WOW". 


4 stars

 Amit Verma

 06 Dec 2015 
 
 Satisfied but it could have much better  

 Using the Lenovo Vibe P1 from last 7 days. Bought this phone with lots of expectations but out of that, some will remain just expectations till i buy next phone. 
Problem with this handset are :- 
Heating problem, all the time. You cannot lost this phone as this phone automatically gives you the feel that it is in your pocket... Heavy Heating issue. 
It is not upgradable to Marshmellow update......... pathetic... in 16000 Rs. , you are not getting even a update. 
Not having the TV connectivity...... My earlier phones, samsung and micromax had this basic facility to connect it with TV. But pathetic thing with this phone. 
Bulky, very bulky... 
Accessories are not available in the market... cover/screenguard/headphone. 
Positive points
 Battery life... ultimate.. 
Fast charging.. very good
Camera quality is also good.. not bad... 
32GB memory... great...  


5 stars
Amol Khatate

 06 Dec 2015 
 
 A performance & Battery Monster  

 at firstly you cannot tell its price by seeing it in hands. Looks far more richer & good build quality than its price. Battery is too much good lasts for minimum 2 days with 24X7 wifi on , minimum 2-3 hrs talk-time & 1 Hr browsing & other activities. Call quality is crisp clear & loud. No heating issues at all for gaming at least for 30 min. Screen looks too much good from any angle. Front side camera takes good photos than backside camera , sad but true. Specially made for those who wants battery long last.Charging takes only 1.3 Hrs . A must buy product for everyone.... 


3 stars

 Dinesh Borkar

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 Decent phone.  

 The phone is good. Have it for a 3 days now.
The issue I face is that I am unable transfer music files from my PC to the internal memory of my device. Has anyone faced this issue? If so how do I resolve. 
When I am transferring a single file or folder the progress bar on the copy dialog box does not move at all.  




#############################PAGE-114#####################################
4 stars

 R.Mohan Kumar

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1a42  

 Looks extremely good! and I don't mind the little extra weight, generally like phones on the heavier side, feels robust.
- Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS
- Features are good - Users can be added as Guest.
- Finger Print reader sensor is good & Fast. Fingerprint is working very well and is a very good addition in this price range.
- Floating Button is also added advantage in this price range with gesture.
- Battery capacity is good. I am using it for 2 days after fully charged with a big 4900 mAh battery. The 24 W charger lets you quickly charging.
- NFC is also added.
- Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility which is made of scratch-resistant Gorilla Glass 3.
- Good processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 64-bit Octa-Core and 2GB RAM, lag free performance.
- Lollipop 5.1.1 Android
- First time VIBE UI experience and its not bad and the firmware update gave the option to choose Google style UI as well with app drawer
- Normal electronic goods heating, nothing alarming
- 32 GB + 32 GB (SD Card) --> enough space for all the needs
- Screen is excellent
- Photos can be capture very easily. Capture beautiful photos and selfies with the 13 MP PDAF (Phase Detect Auto Focus) rear camera and the 5 MP fixed-focus front camera.
- Full aluminum body and infinity screen construction.
- Gravitation Sensor, Proximity Sensor, Light Sensor, eCompass (Magnetic Sensor) 
- Overall a great phone for the money and completely satisfied till now 


5 stars

 Bhuwan Lal Mad...

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Nice . Love it .  

 Nice product. I ordered it for a gift. While using this for test I was so amazed for its beauty, Speed and of course the display is awesome. Battery life is very superb. I refer this product, looks premium one. 


4 stars

 Diljit Singh

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 Super Battery life  

 Have been using this mobile for the last 30 days. If you are looking for a battery that lasts full day without worries, go for it. My only two issues are that it does not have my regional language Punjabi and the Gallery app does not has cut/move option. 


3 stars

 HEMANT SHARMA,...

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Phone  

 Battery backup good ,finger touch very nice and cool ,camera quality not good other things is normal . 


4 stars

 Kunwar Singh

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 Overall Good Product  

 This product is superb in operation. But as per its configuration 2GB RAM is not enough. It deserves 3GB RAM otherwise product is comparably better in the market. Delivery was also fast, good and on time. Thanks for your overall good services. 


5 stars

 Manish Kumar

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice Product at this price  

 I had charged it full yesterday and using it for calling, watching you-tube video, Internet Browsing, whats app, Facebook, Gaming and it is still showing 59% left today, so my purpose of purchasing this mobile is fulfilled. 


4 stars

 Sriram Rangaswamy

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 Overall a decent phone  

 It is a great phone!! Awesome battery life. Good to see that no heating issues are observed so far!! not a phone if you are looking for gaming as games seem to stutter and as far as camera is concerned in artificial light condition photos turn out good~excellent but low light condition is only average~ poor and leaves a lot be desired when compared to flagship phones and natural lighting and day light is medium~average and focusing can tricky and often focus incorrectly but overall a decent camera. 
Finger print sensor : great feature and convenient but lacks security as my phone could be easily accessed by others by using their finger 


5 stars

 lohit bunty

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 A Better range mobile  

 i got this phone at the first sale so goood at buying this phone because i can say that it is a masss phone 1) battery a huge and better performance still two days backup its giving masss one 2) i am not fix mind on the camera but still front camera has a good resemblance and huge one 3) i having now nearly 150 apps there is no lag or hang and has a better RAM MANAGEMENT 4) heating only on charging bcos as it has huge battery it wants to charge to 100% for me it takes 1hr 18 mins ti charge from 1-100% about this rate it has better performance and we can buy it also 


5 stars

 Siddhu

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Show stopper - Power Ranger  

 With humongous 4900mah battery, Vibe P1 lasts for 2.5 days at average use.
Very little heating issue while on skype call. Metal finish is stylish and camera serves the purpose.
The best in the price range. No Xiaomi No Samsung No Gionee No Lava No Micromax.Just Lenovo Vibe p1 


5 stars
Deepu

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Super Phone and Very Fast Delivery  

 Overall it is a very good phone,camera,battery,finger print sensor every thing is good,finally i got a very good phone. 




#############################PAGE-115#####################################
5 stars
BalaMurugan Vijay...

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth for money  

 I am using this mobile for past 2 weeks and now I can say, this mobile is worth for money. Good battery backup and I am happy with video and games. 


5 stars

 Arnob Dey

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Performance, Superb Battery life, Value for Money.  

 Pros: 
-Battery lasts 2 days easily with normal usage.
-Camera is decent.
-Sound quality is satisfactory.
-Installed a lot of apps but still goes without lag.
-Out of the box transparent silicon cover and screen guard.
-Value for money if you are not having any specific brand fascination. 
cons: 
-You might find the phone slightly heavy on hands because of the giant battery.
-As expected its bit difficult to operate with one hand because of that huge 5.5 inch screen.  


5 stars

 Pratap M.

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth buying  

 Very good display, camera and battery. Touch response is quick. 
Had earlier used Lenovo P780 and now exchanged it for Vibe P1. 


5 stars

 Gaurav Marwaha

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Device ! A real Powerhouse...  

 Having been a user of iPhone for 3 years, and then BlackBerry 10 devices for some time, this is my first ever Android phone, and I will say that this is a solid looking, solid feeling premium features loaded bombshell... Superb battery life, no lags at all, no heating issues at all so far (though I am not into gaming n all)... 
I have been using it for about a week now... All in all, the fingerprint scanner makes it an up-class phone, with the huge 4900 mah battery juice for all day activities... coupled with an amazingly big Google Play store apps to make use of... The speaker output is decently high & nice on the ears... Camera is fine... Just not terrific.. But no issues for me there. The ability to move apps to SD card is the icing on the cake... 
All in all, a big thumbs up from my side... :) 


5 stars

 Santhosh sandy

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 My vibe gives a rich look to me  

 In my bottom of my heart am saying this one is a excellent handset.
Huge memory
Very good Camera clarity both rear n front
Amazing sound enhancement
pretty looking 
Rocking Battery capacity
last but not least Rocket Charging  
Then i have to say about delivery team very quick and excellent package buddys.. keep rocking .. Thank you 


5 stars

 Vijay%20Shanka...

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 Great phone & great service from flipkart  

 Phone looks great. Camera, battery and ease of use with Android 5.1 is really impressive. I would recommend this phone for anyone who doesn't want to charge his mobile daily. 


5 stars
Sonia

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 Gud phone at this range  

 Very good phone + good batt back up... Does not hang up... Enough storage 


4 stars
Bharath Chandra M...

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome SmartPhone  

 Superb SmartPhone With Multply Features and with reasonable Price... :) 
A little unsatisfaction With the Camera and the weight ..
Cons : Unremovable battery, one 4G LTE and the other is 2G , Headset is not provided.. 


4 stars
Manikandan

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome product  

 Good one
flipcart delivered in schedule time, good battery life 10 hrs usage in 3G mode, back camera good 


5 stars

 manish

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 Power full phone  

 This phone is having almost every thing what a user is looking for .Writing this review after a use of 3 hour.Touch is very smooth.Work really well .Battery got charge very faster.well i dont think i need to write the features as all that is mentioned already.This flagship device of Lenovo will be a game changer .I got screen guard and back cover with OTG .I am happy with the phone. 




#############################PAGE-116#####################################
4 stars

 Nandlal Yadav

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 Nandlal Yadav  

 Good sound & Full HD Display
Battery back up,Power saving mode & rocket charging make it last long for the day.
However snapdragon processor consumes battery quickly if used it for sometime using internet.It has at least 15 hours backup when used continuously.
Bit heavy compared to other phones but design is plus point.
Good phone to use, i would certainly recommend. 


5 stars

 anu krish

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 ok a good phone . but not the best. but i am fully satisfied  

 i have been using this phone for about 3 weeks and this review is based on these days use
its a good phone on all sides. 
good battery life ( Lasts for 2 days but i excepted more than two days. but ok)
no lagging problem till now
good look
good camera but not best. i will say it as an above average camera. 
good sound
not found any heating issue except a little at the time of charging
good call performance. not found any problem while calling. 
finger print technology ok. but there is also an option for pattern unlock also at the same time. so a person can unlock the phone using the pattern lock without using fringer print technology.
fast charging
32 gb internal storage. 
 cons
the phone doesnt give the result of a 13 mp camera and 5 mp selfie camera. this can be seen when comparing it with a samsung phone at this range. i compared and saw the difference. selfie camera has only limited options. no option for night vision selfy, but i have to say that vibe p1 has a decent camera( above average.). 
i am concluding by saying that its a good phone you can buy without having any doubts. but if you are mainly looking for a camera phone then you have to decide carefully. 


4 stars

 Venkat Iyer

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Let me first pen down fro awesome service provided by flipkart. I booked the mobile on Thursday night and on early morning saturday i got the phone to my surprise.Now let me give you my review for this phone. 
1. The packing for good.
2. The phone is stylish and has premium look.
3. The battery is marathon even after using 4G ..its battery is awesume. 
4. Camera is good both rare & front.
5 Speedy and user interface is exicuite . 


3 stars

 akash m s

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 good one under great price  

 i dont wanna tell any pros or cons here ,just wann shar my experience.
before going to bought this phone i have some ideas what are my requirment 
i need 5.5 display above 400 ppi. 2 gb ram or more and octa core processor, 4G , nfc ,finger print sensor and latest os.
i am satisfied with what i got. but lenova failed in some area they should have improve
1 camera below average, some gimics are their, but no need with this set of camera.
2. vibe UI is not appealing
3. Ram is not enough, ididnt download any games still inly 600 mb ram is available
4.volume and power rockers are cheap quality
5. dnt have a gud music player
 even though finger print sensor is not so fast but ok , it takes less time than drawing patterns. 5/10 is succesfull may be i dont knw how to use finger print sensor.
but under this price budget, with a huge battery have a decent weight managment. this is a great stylish phone. 


4 stars

 Raj H

 30 Nov 2015 
 
 Good phone  

 I bought this phone for my mom and she liked it. The phone has tons of features and dual sim as well. 


5 stars

 Avijnath G

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 Amazing Battery life and really good phone for the price.  

 Writing this review after 1 months of usage.
Overall impression: Very satisfied. The phone has amazing feature, and it's value for the money. I was confused between buying the moto x play and this phone, having owned a Moto X earlier, it was a really tough decision. But i dont regret it one bit. 
->Battery life!! It has an amaazing battery life. I am able to easily use it for one day minimum, with heavy use, which include listening to lot of music, playing games, surfing the web, watching youtube etc. when i use it moderately, i am able to run it for 2 days without any trouble. i get a screen on time of about 9 hours!
->Build quality: being a metallic uni body design it feels really good in the hand,it looks very stylish and premium, doesnt look like a 16k phone at all. It's a little thick and heavy compared to most phone but you'll get used to it quickly. it makes up for all that with it's amazing battery anyway.
->smooth interface: As soon as you boot the phone you get an update from lenovo which makes the lenovo UI more like the stock version with app drawer, which was a good move by lenovo. The phone is pretty smooth,i didnt notice any major lag, except for a few times while playing high graphic games.
->No Heating: On general use the phone never heated up, on extensive usage(high graphic games) and while charging it gets a little warm, which isnt a big deal,happens to all phones.
Fingerprint scanner: it's pretty responsive, not faster than other flagships obviously, but it's very convinient. it can save only 2 finger prints but you cant expect more from a 16k phone.
->Box contents: Lenovo gives a phone cover,screen gaurd,usb OTG adapter, and a fast charger! no earphones but most companies dont give great earphones with their phones anyway. The cover is a transparent one and it's really good, no need to search for other covers for protection. Most importantly, the fast charger is included unlike with the Moto X Play. And the it charges the phone REALLY fast. it takes 1 hour 30 mins to charge the phone from 10 to 100%, and this is very useful.
->Camera: Camera is okay, not amazing,but pretty good in outdoor conditions, in low light it has lot of noise in the images, front camera is fine to, it's not bad, but it's just not the most attractive feature on the phone. 
Conclusion: Many of you might be confused between the moto x play and this phone. And i must say this is much better. you get the fast charger included plus 32GB internal storage for 16k, whereas the moto x play doesnt give fast charger and has only 16GB for 18499. you get a much better battery life, a fingerprint scanner, better build quality, and more customization. And anyway Lenovo own Motorola now, so the durability,service and quality will be almost the same. 


5 stars

 AMI

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 Awasome  

 Everything very good about this phone. 
using this mobile since 18 days and Loving this product. 
 But 3 issues need to resolve- 
1. Camera quality can really improve by software optimization. 
2. No "Usb storage" option when connection to pc. 
3. Accessories not available. 


5 stars
Sudam Bhuyan

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 awesome phone i ever use....  

 very gud phone m getting love it till i used.... not best battry back up with full hd display... not gud camera both rare n front also fingerprint sensor wat i love much abt dis phone 


4 stars

 Prashanth Kumar C

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 Best phone in the Budget.  

 Received well before time. Thanks for the eKart service. 
Regarding Phone, soon after i activated it with my gmail, it asked for the software upgrade first 213 MB, later 38 MB and later again 35 MB.  
I was keeping my mobile in charging mode and doing all the upgrades downloads and application installations in parallel and the phone heated up like anything. It was more than 50 degrees. As I read the other reviews that phone will initially heat up before upgrade, I was calm and waiting for the upgrades to finish. Once the upgrade is finished phone cooled down and and never heated again with frequent usage of wifi, app installations playing games.  
Finger Print Sensor : Flawless 
Last but not the least : Phone is a bit heavy because of the massive 5000 Mah battery and you feel your hand will ache with continuous usage for 5 minutes.  
Over all : Awesome Phone at awesome price but weighs heavy. Hence 4 stars. 


4 stars

 Subuddhi28

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 Good hand set  

 Every will be having some cons....as of now i am looking procs...Good sound clarity and better battery than other mobile.... 




#############################PAGE-117#####################################
4 stars
Dr Tejas H

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe p1  

 good camera, good internal memory. battery back-up is not as impressive as thought. overall good product. 


5 stars

 Ajeesh Nambiar

 28 Nov 2015 
 
 For power users  

 Review after 2 weeks of usage.  
The powerful battery is the highlight. Even with extensive usage I am getting 24 to 26hrs of battery life. Thanks to the 5000mah battery. Also, the low power mode is useful when the phone is about to run out of power. If you shift to low power mode when only 10% charge left, it will give you another 4 to 5 hrs (only call and sms). The phone is stylish and has a premium look. It's a bit heavy due to the large battery, however, it doesn't look bulky; thanks to the wonderful design by lenovo. The full HD display, good quality sound and long battery make it a best long travel companion. Overall, good experience so far, loving it. 


4 stars

 Shashank Mishra

 28 Nov 2015 
 
 Closest to immortality & ecstasy - Yet far from perfection!  

 This review is after using this phone for two weeks. The earlier model I got, was peppy as heck. But soon after two three days of benchmarking it to fullest, it revealed something ugly. It started lagging, battery draining, heating while charging - in short everything, which I didn't like. Even then I was OK with this phone, until one day hell broke loose and its touch stopped responding at all, however fingerprint sensor was working fine but not touch. Replaced it with a new piece. And following is the summary of how the things are, since then.  
1. Form factor - You sir, if you can't carry a ~170 gm phone, you sir are a wimp. For the given battery size, build quality and ergonomics, this is the best a phone can ever get, Even with 5.5", never had a problem operating it with one hand, unlike in case of Mi 3. 
2. Battery - Don't expect the battery to last a month or a week. It never lasted me more than 2 days of mixed usage. Under heaviest of loads, it returned SOT of 10 hours!!! Where as, simple standby under light usage can exceed you expectations. Even under HEAVIEST (Heaviest for me, is phone's screen ON all night, multitude's of benchmarkings one after another, gaming sessions after that and then finally putting it to rest, before picking it to check mails, messages, statuses etc) usage, it can easily last 22-24 hours. Perfect-a-mundo! 
3. Chipset - Snapdragon 615, Adreno 405 are mid range specs and do not expect them to rival 8XX series of Snapdragon. However for their usage, they are just apt to tackle day to day usage. Gaming performance was satisfactory, Asphalt 8, Dead Trigger, Sniper X all these games ran with occasionally slight or no lag, on medium settings. In high settings, lag was considerable but not much as not to let you play the game. But this is where the sole short-come of this phone lies - phone is not as responsive as I have experienced before. Lags are noticeable, apps take few seconds to respond but that is not a deal breaker. For normal folks, this is more than enough. 
Benchmarks
Antutu 36134
PCMark 7185, (Slingshot - 7 FPS :p)
NenaMark 2 - 59FPS 
4. Display - Full HD displays a little dim, however, it has a super bright mode that gets activated outdoors. That compensates very much for the otherwise dim display. Though, display is sharp and great for movie watching, gaming.  
5. Call quality - Excellent. Stayed 2 hours straight without much of heating up. Reception is good also.  
6. Vibe UI - Derives a lot from legendary MIUI. Very user friendly UI, in my opinion. Has several nitties-gritties which Samsungs or Sony don't offer in their 'premium' experience. You can also switch to stock Android for a better experience, but I prefer Vibe UI.  
7. Fingerprint sensor - Takes around a second to unlock.  
8. Audio quality - Brilliant frequency response, provided you use good quality headphones. Loudness is something it has in plenty. Speakers are so damn loud, that you need to keep them at half of their full potential to stay in civilized world. ;) And they don't distort at top levels as well.  
Summary: A great phone for those who value overall package over selective experience. Don't buy if you want blazing fast processor, earth shattering performance, or want to max out every game you want to play. If you don't belong to that category of users, it is just the phone where your long search for 'that phone' should culminate into.  
Flipkart was as usual, excellent in honoring its replacement warranty. Delivery time, however was a bit much, but still appreciable. 


5 stars

 Lakshmeepathi G

 28 Nov 2015 
 
 Satisfying in every way  

 1. Excellent display of Full HD. 1080p videos in youtube is excellent
2. 1 full day of very heavy usage. 10 hours of continuous online gaming of Asphalt 8.
3. Finger print scanner works most of the time. May be you ll have to store couple of more of your finger prints in different ways.
4. Speaker is loud and clear.
5. Call quality is also very good.
6. Maximum brightness could have been little better. You ll notice that only when in comparison. In absolute terms,it is fine.
7. Camera slightly disappoints. Outdoor pictures are coming out just good. Indoor really disappoints. Clearly Mega Pixels is nothing. Zooming 1x itself shows a lot of grains. If they had included Vibe Shot's camera in this and priced at 18-19k, then it would have been a masterpiece and nothing to look beyond.
8. Comes with OTG, Transparent back cover and screen guard. That is really a good thought.
9. Hope Gorilla Glass lives up to its expectation. 
For a better camera,you could go for Moto X Play but it is 3k more. 


5 stars

 Subbarao Gunta...

 28 Nov 2015 
 
 Overall Great Phone but it is bulky.  

 Love this mobile with great battery backup...but the darker side of this mobile...that it is very bulky..UI is stable and good...The great feature I love in this mobile is it's secure zone where I can configure all my imp stuff protected by both finger print scanner and password. This feature is quite helpful. 


4 stars

 omendra singh

 28 Nov 2015 
 
 awesome product  

 1) awesme looking 
2) smooth touch 
3) processing is fast 
4) no heating problem
5) fast charging
6) long battery life (it can work for 2 days without charging your mobile) 


5 stars
Ashwani Kansal

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Good Looking, with very good battery backup.  

 Battery Backup is awesome, Phone is stylish...
Camera is not so good, could be better. 
No heating at all .... even while playing games (except at charging time). 


5 stars
Uvais Komath

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Cool product  

 Everything is nice about the phone and it have 40% battery left after 1 day full usage.
Haven't noticed any cons yet. It doesn't weigh that much
They give (1) OTG
(2) Charger
(3) Screenguard
(4) Transparent Case as freebie 
No headphone included 
There is option to change to Android UI which have menu and Vibe UI which have no menu 
Only 2 finger print can be saved. 


3 stars

 Don Rahul

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Overall good  

 Very heavy.
Good battery back up
Super Quick charging
Over all good
3 out of 5 ratings 


5 stars

 Abhay Ahluwalia

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Great product for its price range  

 Overall Excellent product  
Biggest plus point the Battery: 4900 Mah even after 2 day of use, I still have 25% left. uses include 3 hour of gaming, 300+ mails / uninterpreted social media, 30 mins of Hotspot and 1 hours talk time. 
Rocket charger is another great inclusion. Its charges the phone in appox 1 hour 
At first felt had to remove card/SIM slot but worked fine after few times.  
no heating 




#############################PAGE-118#####################################
5 stars

 Karan

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Overall good.  

 Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear. 
Good deal. Value for money. 


5 stars

 shri

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 superb !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  

 best thing abt this fone is battery lyf 
max 3 days it survived without charging...
luks are also good
cam is not extra ordinary bt good
no lag so far
i didnt get heating problem
download 2 updates after buying it   


5 stars

 Kiran S

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 Good power Bank  

 Good phone and I brought from flipkart.
Nice features, Pocket mode increases ring volume, and reduces when near ear, mini screen, random number locks, finger print sensor, Rocket charging in 1 hr is good, less SAR value of 0.65 compare to all other lenovo models, snapdragon octacore, OTG connector included, Back transparent cover & screen guard included, gorilla glass,32Gb internal is sufficient for 16K.
camera is not so good but ok, Weight heavy as it is a power bank of 5ah, No headphone, RAM should have been 3Gb like One plusX, 5.5' is big as I feel, 


3 stars

 Mukul Mukherjee

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 Great Buy  

 REally superb battery and phone looks sexy and slick but the case was not that good and makes the phone looks bulky. 


4 stars

 appanmk

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 good one  

 i just got the phone today morning well packed accessories all including handset is in good condition
updated the software no problem or lagging decteced yet camera quality is normal quick charging no voice break feels little weight no lags when doing multitasking but ok update after one week bye so far itz a nice product 


5 stars

 Sikandar Baig

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 Medium budget mobile with fantastic features.  

 Am happy with the way Lenovo designed this phone. Worth for money. Got the phone in a day. Very fast delivery by flipkart. Advise people to buy required product through flipkart. 


4 stars

 Amrish Jha

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 Best phone in this range  

 Best Sound effect, Camera quality, Battery back up.
Fast to work and play heavy 3D games.
Good GUI (Graphic User Interface) easy to use and understand
Mostly apps are available default for daily usage.
I recommended to bye this. 
Note: Don't try to put the screengard your self, which come with the phone, please go to any mobile repair shop and done. 


5 stars

 Vish

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 The Best!  

 Good mobile with long lasting battery.Nice look.
Additional features such as reducing the screen size,capturing photos by tapping the volume buttons when the phone is locked. 


5 stars

 NANI

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1  

 EXCELLENT PHONE
SUPERB BATTERY
BEAUTIFUL AUDIO QUALITY
SUPER VEDIO QUALITY
ALL APPS WORKING VERY GOOD
VALUE FOR MONEY 


4 stars

 SUDARSHAN MD

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 lenovo vibe p1  

 * Good phone with better features
* Value for money
* Good Battery back up- slight heating noticed while charging
* Finger print sensor- good
* Display- Appears to be dull when viewed with other cell phones
* Speed- satisfied
* Battery Charging option- superb
*Overall - Performance is satisfactory 




#############################PAGE-119#####################################
5 stars

 Allwyn Francis

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Great to Have this one!  

 This was my first experience with Lenovo, but believe me this product is awsome. Also Flipkart Delivered it to me within 3 working days. People must be taking about its display brightness, but thats good too. It can be increased changing the Display color balance setting to highest. 
Battery life is exceptional and battery charges from 20 to 100 % in 30 mins with the power chager.. 
Bottom Line!!! 
Great Product.. 
Kudos Lenovo! 


5 stars
Vs

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Awsome  

 Simply DDD besteeest pH in till nw I used
Best service by flipkart
.. Love it shuldd buy it now 


5 stars

 Ashim Kumar Bera

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Very good option within 16000/-  

 Very good option within 16000/-very good phone , new software, fast,smooth,nice looks, good back cover inside.But no headphone..................................................................................................... 


5 stars

 Simon Daniel

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Red Alert!  

 This phone was purchased by me after reading 200+ flipkart review, 10+ YouTube videos(all languages), most of reviews from gsmarena , other tech blogs and lenovo Russian user forum n also other Russian indepth benchmark. Why so much research? Because My last device was lenovo k900 n its very good phone but with major flaws that will give you nightmare. 
Pros:This phone is highly optimized because of which the phone is unchallengeable on setting let it be the firewall alone.
1)multitasking is buttery smooth.
2)1gb+ ram almost always n if you keep more then 10 app in background then 800mb pluse
3)gaming no probz(asphalt and dead effect 2), no lag even when 10+apps where open.
4)battery life is very funny thing in this phone, in fact people will go mad because of its ghost like behavior. To all of the user the battery back is really excellent but it mysterious. It drops from certain %-% faster n den take a break n does not drain n den drops fast n den slow. One eg of mine is my battery dropped 15%-4% in 2hrs then at 2% it stayed for 11hrs standby n 20min gaming on ultra setting :p .
5) many many things other have mentioned. 
Cons:  
1)Biggest n for those who ate infected by SELFIE VIRUS please do not buy it because you will not get your drug properly :D . on serious note where there is VERY good light its fine.
2)the phone lags in strange places for eg. While writing in word documents and in settings but not in games :( .
If you are buying this you need know and do certain things before complaining
1)if your phone is heating return it. My phone is not heating no matter what charging, gaming, video recording n this all even b4 any update (200+20). It may be getting warm but 30° not more.
2)I used 2 cycle battery charge before normal use and don't forget don't do more cycle charge. 2 in a year is best. Charge your phone before the phone drops less then 40. This steps made my battery life unbelievable.
3)charging+USB port is the thing if you don't take proper care then you will curse yourself for buying lenovo phone (experienced k900 user haha:D).
4)built of this phone is solid buuuuut its design is a bit problem and because of which dropping will lead to screen break n which means going to service centre n facing the horror .
5) you have to use some tricky settings to keep your ram good so that you can use it without clearing the apps.
6)This phone has more potential which normal user won't understand but this is reduced to stop it getting more heated , so please if new update is available do not jump into it blindly because the current 2 update (200+20) is working flawlessly (there is 33mb update also available but dont rush).
Must buy for budget 15000-20000â¹. I am loving it ;) . 


5 stars

 Utsav Thakkar

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 This is a Beast highly recommended !!!!  

 I am not going into specs which is already mentioned . I have been using this from last 2 weeks and have to this phone is beast in this price range. All the features required are given in this package . No lags No heating good call quality and finger print sensor what else you want. Camera can be much better which I am sure lenovo will work on it. 


5 stars

 HIMA BINDU HAN...

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1 review  

 Lenovo vibe p1 is rocking.. I bought this 8 days back, I loved it, It reached all specs which I wished to have.. Camera was really good and battery was coming nearly 3days for me even playing games also.. (for eg: 15 min game - 2% charging only will be over), the touch and ligttning sensor is working very nicely in day and night mode.. No words to say about this phone, It is just awesome... No more doubts in that..  


4 stars

 Manab

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome for a mid range phone...  

 Hello,
I had my reservations earlier on this handset but after using it for about 2 weeks now, I made the right choice purchasing it. I have not faced any heating issue until now and the phone is receiving regular updates. There is absolutely no lags and i am smoothly using it even after installing about 80 to 90 apps. The screen is very good and very adaptive in the outdoors. There is no headphone supplied with it and I like it when mid range cut down on their accessories rather than undermining the phone itself. 
Network, wifi, Call Clarity, gesture control, and other all basic necessity of the phone are very good and I don't have anything to complain of.  
The only con of the phone I would say is the camera. Its suppose to be a 13 mega pixel shooter but compared to other brands which sports 13 Mp the pictures are below quality. Had the camera been able to take pictures like the Asus Zenfone 2, which is in the similar price bracket, then i would give it 5 stars.....but then again practically a mid range phone will have its drawback. We cannot expect a midrange to be a flagship. Even the Zenfone 2 must have its drawback in other fields comapred to the Lenovo Vibe P1. 
Now its upto you whether to take the call or not...but should you buy a phone and camera is not your main priority then you might not find a better alternative in today's market given this price range....Like they say....Itna paisa mein itna hi milta hai....
Good Luck and All the Best. 


5 stars

 ATUL THAKUR

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 AFTER USAGE OF ONE MONTH!!  

 GREAT PHONE!!
.pros.
>great battery life
>fingerprint sensor dosent take time (requires only one tap!!)
>comfortable storage!
>camera is gooood.
>light weight
>premium looks and feel
>can be used with single hand
>nfc!!!! GREAT!!
TOTALLY A GREAT... PHONE!!! 
.cons.
>heats too much while charging or downloading somthing huge 2gb or more. (acceptable)
>screen protector provided is not good.
>but i felt the camera is less than oneplus 1 (colour brightness)
>nfc concumes more battery
>could have been 3 gb ram but its ok!!
>BACK ALLUMINIUM BODY MAY GET DENTS :p 
{THESE ALL CAN BE IGNORED NO MAJOR ISSUE!!!}
[BEST]..................!!!!!!!!!!!!  


5 stars
Pawan Pratap

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 Nice Phone  

 I purchased dis phone after a long search and comparison and i found its one of the best phone i ever used. it has mind blowing battery backup and it has separate slots for both sims. plzzz purchase if u r fed up of taking power bank wid u... seriously good phone. 


5 stars

 Amit Bhatnagar

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 Good value for money  

 Received Yesterday. Looks good so far - will update this after few more days of usage.
Build quality is good. Heavy but since i had been using Nokia 1320, this one is similar in weight and size. Had to get micro sim cut to nano Sim for use. Lots of Internal storage. Game of Thrones and NFS are running without any heating ot lag so far. Camera is ok but shows improvement after downloading and using Camera MX/Camera 360. These s/w improve the camera experience. Ram is aroung 1 GB free normally, however gets down to 600 M free at times. DOnt see any heating issues so far while charging as mentioned in earlier reviews - May be thats because I have downloaded and installed all s/w updates. Battery life is good but my expectation was more since my 1320 used to give a 2/3 normal usage with its 3400 mah. THis one with 4900 should last longer but lasting a day only. May be Win phone has better Power mgmnt.
Overall a very good buy. I read all the reviews on this phone (since last 2-3 weeks) from flipkart and gsm arena before deciding to buy it. Unfortunately there are no thorough reviews from any tech sites (NDTV gadget) for this phone yet. I compared Moto X Play, One plus X , Sony n Samsung phone in this budget before going for this. 




#############################PAGE-120#####################################
5 stars

 Nandan Vartak

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 Battery saving mode  

 - Phone looks damn neat.
- Works efficiently.
- Led flash is Warm White instead of white... which is good.
- Fingerprint unlock works seamlessly. 
And the best feature is the battery saving knob on side of the phone. I only use internet when i am at home on a wifi. I don't use 3g. So when ever I am out of house, I switch my mobile to battery saving mode. With this function I am able to use my phone for 4 and half days on a single charge. 4900mAh battery is too good. In battery saving mode one can only use the mobile for calling, messaging and you can use some basic tools like calculator, clock, radio and calender. But it works for me. Excellent feature. 


5 stars

 Muni Sekar N

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 What i expected in this phone those all are available in this phone, And working as an Excellent condition. Worth to buy this Lenovo Vibe P1. Especially the phone stands for 4 days battery back up.
if u use spontaneously data mode the battery stands for 2 days. 


5 stars

 Vipin Tripathi

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 Good phone Battery and performance  

 I am happy with this phone, was not very sure on brand Lenovo as I was using Xperia Z.
Now when I am using it I like it for following
1. Finger print lock - love it for quick open and secure with me
2. Battery - now I do not need to charge every day and even if I forget to charge it has a button to extend battery life by switching off other un necessary things and only allowing basic Call phone.
3. Screen size is good and clear visibility in sun light as well
4. Very good speaker phone, so conference call on speaker is possible without any problem, Ring volume also good .
5. You can insert your external USB pen drive to read or copy data to your phone.  


3 stars

 Ashwini Merani

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 Ok. Not too good, Not too bad  

 Is a sturdy looking phone. However, the finger period reader does not work too well and have to depend on the pin number to unlock it.
Overall Nothing too good nor too bad. 


3 stars

 Austin Shameju

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 Delicious but,  

 using it fromy the past 2 weeks
I wont be writing pros as everyone knows about it
So here the cons
As am a Samsung FAN and was using Note II till now. What I have faced in this product is
even though the device comes with 401 ppi it doesn't show much clarity 
Yes it does heat up while charging but an issue
second thing which I didn't liked till now is none of the high graphic games are stable for this device
For eg: Real Racing 3, Mortal Kombat, FIFA 14,15,16, NFS MW, No Limits and so on
Display Quality is not that good and brightness is nothing in front of Samsung and Moto Devices
and Camera is not that great could be even better but ain't that bad
Third thing which I didnt liked as compared to Samsung and HTC is that moving files from sd card to sd card, it takes time depending upon the size even though moving from internal storage to internal 
The Fourth thing which I didn't liked is as they have mentioned the specification, I thought 2k or 4k videos might run on this device but it couldn't satisfy me with this and so high resolution videos keep stucking or doesn't play
So these are the problems which occurred for me as I have used note II before
And these things also matter for me so I would like to give only 3 stars 
But still this device works flawlessly without high end games and videos 


5 stars
krithiga chandras...

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 a true review of lenovo vibe P1  

 I bought this phone from flipkart on 12th november. Up to date I have no problem with the phone's performance. I am not a big phone expert and all I am writing this review true to my heart and with reference to only my usage. Everyone would have read about phone specs in many sights and hence I'll just explain what i felt about the phone. 
1. The display is very good. I thought the only problem was low brightness of the phone before buying but there is a option called super brightness mode which solved that problem also. 
2. The sound quality is really good. Also the phone is little bulky and I faced difficulties on using it with one hand in the bus etc... 
3. the internet speed is also good. 
4. the phone charges fully in half on hour. 
5. the power saver mode is really good. I turned it on whenever the phone is not in use or kept it aside. I get battery life upto full 24 hours with the usage upto 15 hours. 
5. since the phone is new I have not used that much of internet after the usage I'll update it briefly. But I am using internet atleast 2 hours a day. 
6. There are many cool features on this phone which you should really esplore yourself.
7. The camera quality is also good for taking normal photos and social media uploads and saving our sweet memories. but if you are expecting for a performance like professional camera this is not the good choice for you.
8. The finger print sensor works 9 out of 10 times. I have no problem with the finger print sensor.
9. the another greater advantage of this phone is it has two nano sim card slots with 4G faciliy and a micro sd card slot separately which can be extended upto 128gb later although with the 32 gb inbuilt memory which cannot be seen in any other phones which comes under this price range.
 Overall performance is really good and a perfect for me. I didnt face any problem till now I am really satisfied about the phone. 


5 stars

 pankaj gupta

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 fantastic in almost all ways  

 using this for all most 7 days now and i have charged the phone 4 time. every second day only. this is known to everyone, the huge battery and the fast charging. but few know and lenovo doesnt promote many features of the phone. like being able to use lenovo UI or andriod UI. also it has many features like smart wifi and closing the running apps with a captivative button. many others, though some minor glitches all in all i am very happy with the phone. 


4 stars
Sandeep

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Constraint on mobile broadcasting messages.  

 I got vibe p1 in this week. Battery is awesome. Cell phone design is elegant and satisfy the given specs. Received product in good and original packing. 
The majilor constraint I found about mobile broadcasting messages could not blocked in spite disabling all sim setting in cell phone. While travelling huge quantity messages of each tower from IDEA sim and distrubs running media as well FM. 
Required to provide solution form Lenovo in this. 


4 stars

 sai prasad

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 woth for money  

 Very decent appearance , faster finger print sensor , average camera , finally very good battery and satisfatory performance ... thnk u flipkart 


5 stars
rahul patil

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Amazing Mobile  

 No prob found in mob. Mobile is working fine. no heating issue.
Battery backup 3 days...
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear. 




#############################PAGE-121#####################################
5 stars

 Sathya Sundara...

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone at the right Price  

 1.Excellent Battery - 4900mAh , Very useful for all frequent travelers.
2.Fast Charging - 1.5 hrs, Charges from 0 to 100% .
3.Finger Print Scanner - Excellent Sensitivity , No time lag.
4.Speaker - Loud Sound , I am using 70% of the Ring Volume , @ 100% - your neighbors can hear your phone ringing.
3.Dual Sim - 2 Nano Sim Slots
4.Micro SD Card Slot - Separate slots from Micro SD Card and Nano Sims. 
5.Radiation Levels - Less Compared to the Models with Similar Specifications.
 - According to the Indian government, the permissible level of SAR in 
 mobile handsets is fixed at 1.60 W/Kg.
 - Vibe P1 is 0.670 w/kg , Mi4 is 1.360 w/Kg , 
 Moto G (3rd Gen ) - 1.069 w/Kg 
 * as per Flipkart Specifications. 
6.Weight - not heavy , doesn`t matter considering the long battery Standby / Talk time.
7.Camera - Quality is good in Day light but needs slight improvement in low light situations 
I have been using this phone for more than 2 weeks . So far no issues of heating . If you feel so download the system update , it will resolve the issue.  


3 stars

 MOHAMMED IMRAN...

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Good Phone  

 Battery is really good, lock screen and UI is not good, Sound quality is not that good. Rest all good. 


5 stars

 swapnil balbudhe

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent one don't think just get it  

 Firstly thanks flipkart for fast delivery.
I am using this phone from last 14 days and I haven't got any problems in it. It's the best phone I have ever used I used many phones of various brands but this one is worth among them.
No lagging pb with excellent features like turbo charge fingerprint and huge battery backup 
I am using 64 gb as a external sd card but phone works as it is.
Don't think just go for it. 


4 stars

 Nikhil K J

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 overall very good  

 after using one week overall it's good.
only one thing I want to say about this phone is...
don't except much more about the battery backup, of course, it gives a battery backup more than a normal battery but not much more which we except for a 5000mah battery.  


5 stars

 Deepan Raj

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Great Mobile @ Great Price  

 I bought it last week fingerprint scanner is amazing.Its worth your Money. Must Buy mobile at this price range. 


2 stars

 sujeet kumar saw

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe P1  

 its not like price that much....its camera quality is not so good and also music player means earphone sound is good.. 


5 stars
naresh reddy

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Very nice phone  

 No heating issues,no hanging. Battery backup is awesome with the 5000mah battery... 


5 stars

 Vibhuti Jha

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 best for this price  

 i got the order before the due delivery date it make me feel good 
and simply this the best phone in every aspect 


5 stars

 Hrishikesh Ch...

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Bang for Bucks ...............  

 Purchased nearly 10 days back still now getting too good performance 
I got plastic case which is very good of quality 
Camera is good selfie camera is oK  
Disappointment is it did not came with Headsets 
Upcoming macaroni Android 6.0 is updatable so its very nice of Lenovo 
Vibe UI is good to use ease of Understand for even noobs  
NFC Is very good and GB ROM and 2 GB RAM is very very nice  
Fingerprint Lock opener is very very good 
Up to 2 Fingerprints can save  
Overall Mast package  
Antutu Rating is 35000 nice  
FHD Screen Quality is nice  
Not at all heating issue played GTA IV and Asphalts 8 
Overall Bang For Bucks 


4 stars
Lakshmikantha bhat

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Reasonably average phone  

 I purchased on 13th Nov, here is my review 
Pros; long battery, no lagging, very good UI,no heating even for long usage, few good additional features like finger print scanner so on.. 
Con's; bit heavy, very bad back body cannot hold long in palm, cannot use in one hand, brightness is not good, camera is not up to the expectations.. 




#############################PAGE-122#####################################
5 stars

 Mohemed Mishal

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent smartphone..  

 Great battery backup..microsd card slot with Expandable storage upto128gb and 2 nano sim slots ..dual sim 4g(but at a time only one sim can be in 4g mode)...fingerprint sensor works 9 out of 10times..a must buy smartphone with lots of useful features..go for it.. 


5 stars
sivaprasad sivasa...

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone.......  

 I got the phone on 9 th november. Thanks flipkart for the prompt delivery. After 10 days usage the phone feels nice. Battery is awesome.Charging is very fast. No heating issues so far. Phone works good . Both cameras doing their jobs well. Aluminium cover make premium feel to the phone. I used sony xperia s p previously. But my experience vibe p1 working more flawlessly than that phone. All together it is an awesome phone under this price range.  


4 stars

 Jayanta Bose

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Working as expected till now  

 Working as expected till now. No issues. No heating, Camera is reasonable. Battery performance is as expected. Screen is also good. Speaker sound quality could have been better. Dual nano SIM + SD Card slot is also good. No issues with finger print sensor as well. I'm not into gaming so will not be able to comment. To me it's a good buy in this price range. 


3 stars
Debdoot Ghosh

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 average built quality superb battery  

 only highlight of the product is the battery,
rest of the product is average ,at the same time its heavy & quite big.
if long lasting battery is ur only primary need then go for this product.
or else ill suggest one plus x at the same price range . 


4 stars
Sukhdeep singh Johar

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 IN THE PRICE POINT BEST PHONE  

 IN THE PRICE POINT OF 16000 ITS THE BEST PHONE FOR NORMAL
AND DAILY LIFE USE ITS GOOD BUT ITS NOT FOR THE GAMERS THERES
TOO MUCH OF LAG EVEN IN BASIC GAMES SO FOR GAMING AVOID THIS PHONE
BATTERY IS ALSO GOOD AND THE CAMERA IS DECENT NOT SO GOOD AND NOT SO BAD AND THE QUICK CHARGE FEATURE IS EXCELENT FOR SUCH A HUGE BATTERY SO FOR THIS PRICE THE PHONE IS EXCELLENT. 


5 stars

 Sreejith R

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 very nice one  

 quick and fast delivery too. the product Lenovo vibe p1 which i got today was a nice product. camera are super clarity- 13mp and 5 mp camera quality attack me.Finger print sensor for security is the best one for mobile that also it have. compas, true caller, auto-call recordings impress me.. totally a nice phone. 


5 stars

 Hemanth R Rav...

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 Unable to connect with data connection  

 Hi vibe users,  
Anybody help me out to connect with data connection. Im using aircel whatever settings i changed its not working (But i can connect with WIFI. 
About phone its awesome  


4 stars

 suhail bhat

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 Chumeshwari but with a one note//  

 Phone is awesome 5000 mah battery is superb !!
It's just my feedback to lenevo we really appreciate your phones but now it's a time to please upgrade your RAM size if this phone has a 3 GB of RAM I don't think isse Zabardast phone aaj ki date main kisi or brand k pass ho !!
Overall finger print scanner is dhasuuu! 


4 stars
sriharsha reddy m...

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 best choice for this price range  

 I bought this phone after lot of research and comparisons with lot of other phones. I am very satisfied and no issues yet but the only con i noticed is that the charging pin does not fit in properly its very tight. other than good job LENOVO 


5 stars

 KARTHIC alias...

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 wonderful battery  

 happy abt the product. its really awesome. fantastic battery, fingerprint is rocking, suoperb camera,,,,, no heating issues, 
power saving mode is wonderful, 
worth of 16k 




#############################PAGE-123#####################################
5 stars

 Rhrishikesh Sane

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 ONE of the BEST you can get..  

 So I am writing this review after thorough 18 days usage of the phone. 
When i opened the box for the first time I was not so sure whether it will be the same as my previous phone(SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE1 GT N7000)..But then wen i saw it i fell in love with its aesthetics...gives feel of HTC iPhone and Samsung all in one phone. 


5 stars
Karthik Subramanyam

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 Good product  

 Flipkart fast delivery 
Good product 
Lenovo vibe p1 5 stars  


3 stars
upendra

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 ....  

 pros :1. battery life is very good. 
 2.superfast charging. it takes only 1hr to get full charge.
cons:1. camera quality is not upto the mark. 
 2.device is bulky comparitively to other phones 


4 stars

 Lelin.C

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 Overall Nice  

 Pros 
1.32 Gb ROM 
2.Good Camera
3.Display Resolution Looking great
4.Separate Slot for micro Sd card with dual sim
5. not heating much compare to other smartphones in the market 
Cons 
1.I think price is little heavier to compare other phoes for Ex. Coolpad dazen note 3 provide almost same spec with under 10000Rs but this one is metal and providing full Hd 
2. Ram is decent but still i feel why didn't comes with 3Gb 


5 stars

 RIYAZ AHMAD

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Best  

 I bought this phone few days ago. It is very excellent mobile. Battery backup is excellent. Camera quality is better than other phone of this range and all other features are good. Overal i give 4.5/5. 


5 stars

 arun jayasurya

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Best phone under 20k  

 I bought this phone 3 days ago and it works good. The phone feels bulky but the display is very good. Came quality is okay when compared to moto x but the customization and features makes it better than moto x.If u want stock android, you can buy moto x and if you want customization and 'FEATURES' which is specially made in the lenovo device like flip to lock the phone and much more, this device is great option. You can also use this phone as a power bank to charge other phones by the OTG adapter provided. NFC also enabled in the phone. Some say the phone display is dull but you can enable brightness by enabling SUPER BRIGHT MODE in settings. The final verdict is that the device doesn't disappoint you, instead it will give surprises. 


5 stars

 Dhaval Shah

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Amazing product  

 I would say this is the best phone I have used till now. Although its a bit bulky, but people who do not mind a big phone should definately go for this. The camera quality is quite good. The battery is good. The display is nice but could have beeen better. The fingerprint sensor is good too. Overall a very nice phone to have. This comes from a Samsung Note 3 neo user. 


3 stars

 ravi

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 about battery  

 after 1 week of use i charged two times. battery is not i expected. previously i used xolo q3000 with 4000mah battery i charged it for every 4 days. and now this lenovo vibe p1 with 5000 mah battery i charged twice in week. not expected .. 


5 stars
Nagasrinivasa Red...

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Paisa Vasool phone  

 Pros
Finger print feature
Battery Backup
Rocket Charger
Loud and clear sound
Good Quality Display 
Cons
The Onlly con is Average Camera Quality 
Don"t think go for it  


5 stars
VIKRAM CHORARIA

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 A Very Good Phone & Andriod interface is Awesome !!  

 This Phone is not Bulky at all as supposed to be, due to its 4900mah, Battery is non-removable and only a part of back Panel is accessible for SD Card and 2 Set for Nano Sim's !! The Front Camera is not so good, the Phone have great Battery Backup and No lags in Performance, will update if any issue !! 




#############################PAGE-124#####################################
4 stars
Ashish Masram

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 NICE PHONE but heavy  

 Good Configuration , both Camera Quality also good, but in this range should b front LED Flash for Selfie, Little bit heavy may b due to max mah of battery ,looks good, figure print may secure phone from others use.one touch battery saver button good option for long time battery. 


4 stars

 Mayank jain

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Battery is awesome!!  

 Phone's performance is good.  
Only thing is due to great battery, the phone is a bit heavy. 
It has separate slots for dual sims and the micro SD card. 
Overall very good phone in that money range!!! 


4 stars
Yogesh

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Good Product  

 The Lenovo Vibe P1 is a good smartphone with good storage capacity and 2GB RAM. The display is also good but the camera is OK. There is no earphones provided with this mobile. Otherwise the smartphone is excellent in the range. 


5 stars

 Palak Patel

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 killer One .......  

 Best phone ever.... 
1.Performance makes you crazy with snapdragon processor..
2.Excellent Sound & Display Quality...
3.No heating issue even playing Asphalt 8 Airborne.....
4.Rocket Charging & Killer Battery make this phone unbeatable....
5.finger print sensor awesome.... too fast...
6.OTG connector gives faster charging to other Phones...awesome
7.Camera is good... 
Best Competitor for Moto G 3  
Overall killer Phone ..... Go for it ....  


5 stars

 Toufiq

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Good phone  

 Overall phone is GOOD. I bought this phone 14500 with using of SBI card. 
Flipkart delivered within day from the I order. 


5 stars

 Prashant Amina

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent phone in my budget  

 Hi All, 
I bought this phone on 7th Nov after reviewing lots of other phone, i found the specification very good and went with gut feeling for it, not sure why there is no review for this phone yet, ppl complain that it heats to much, brightness is dull and camera is not good. 
i didn't found any such issues with my handset. as soon as i connected to internet it downloaded 2 updates. 
it has very good battery , finger print is excellent and it comes with gorilla glass,
played few games and didn't found any lags .  
excellent phone for me.` 


4 stars

 Yogesh Birajdar

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 worth buying  

 excellent phone, battery backup is awesome!!!! Once charged fully, it took 3 days to discharge completely (with continuous usage of 3G connection). Lenevo is improving their standard. 


4 stars

 Gautham A

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Overall a nice phone...  

 Awesome battery - I am someone who keeps fiddling around with the phone all the time and have my 4G connection on 24 hours. With my usage I get the battery for over 24 hours without issues.
Display & Camera - Are quite decent and can't expect too much for the price the phone has been offered at.
Lenovo UI and the Android UI is available and hence you can choose whatever you want. 
The only Con I noticed so far is that it eats up a lot of data considering the fact that I have a lot of Apps installed. But this wasn't the case with other phones with the same amount of Apps. 
I am happy with the phone and would recommend if someone wants fast experience with an awesome battery back-up. 


5 stars

 Aniruddha Raje

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent! Go for it!  

 Using this this phone for a week now, 
I'm very happy with it,
A former Samsung Galaxy S3 user,
This phone is a great replacement. 
Battery backup is excellent, 
lasts a whole day even on heavy use.
Wifi is On all the time,
I play Clash of Clans, Asphalt Airborne, Modern Combat, Dungeon Hunter 5, etc, 
All high end games work excellently. 
The phone chargers very quick,
35% in 30mins, 70% in 1 hour.  
Camera is good, 
Outdoor Videos and Snaps gave excellent color representation,
Indoor snaps were okish but better than an 8MP snapper. 
Selfie camera is excellent. 
Fingerprint scanner and all Features are very useful and easy to use.
By far best phone in 16,000 


4 stars

 Muraleedharan P

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 A good product worth for the money  

 I am using this phone for the last three weeks.Flipkart delivered one day late.Good mobile. No heating issue, Excellent battery back up, Camera is ok but zooming is not that good but ok. only one department which i didn,t like is the display brightness. It is comparitively less.
Pros:- 1. Battery with its rocket charging facility ( lasts minimum 3 days with moderate use)
 2.Friendly UI
 3.No lagging at all
 4.Good sound effect
 5.No heating issues 
Corns:- 1. Display brigtness is less ( is there any apps available for this ?)
 2.Weight of the phone is more ( understandable with a 49000 MAH Battery)
 3.Non removable battery
 4. No head phone supplied with the package 




#############################PAGE-125#####################################
5 stars

 Nimesh Shah

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 One of the best phones. The specifications (hardware) are power packed. Softwares work seamlessly in the phone. Looks very stylish and feels good holding the phone. The performance of the phone is extremely smooth and alluring. Worth owning the phone. 


5 stars

 Ganesh Subbaraman

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Nice mid-range phone  

 This is my comeback phone to Android after using Nokia (Windows) phone for the past 2 years. Had to quit the platform due to lack of proper app updates. I should say Android experience has improved a lot in the past couple of years with me directly jumping from Ice- Cream sandwich to Lollipop. 
Have been using this phone for the past 3 weeks. The Vibe UI is neat with not too many customization requirements. The back-cover is neat plastic; I doubt it can provide any protection. Comes with a screen-guard (Not put it on the phone as yet). There have already been a big (~300MB) update and a small (~30MB) update for the phone. The huge battery ensure that I last over 1.5 days with a single charge. I know that this battery expectancy can be much more. However, network connectivity at my workplace plays spoilsport consuming more battery.. The weight is somewhat on heavier side considering the huge battery. 
So to summarize:
PRO:
Huge battery
Neat interface (Vibe UI)
Huge internal space (32GB) 
CON:
Weight 


5 stars

 Sandip Deore

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Superb mobile  

 Great phone, battery is superb. Looks great and Hardware quality is very good. 
+ Fantastic design, but weight is more than other comparative mobiles,
+ Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility
+ Good processor and 2GB RAM, lag free performance
+ Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
+ Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
+ Gorilla Glass 3 protection
+ Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
+ Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW
+ Fingerprint sensor is fast
+ Lesser SAR values 
+ Super great power house battery, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery
+ Can be used as a powerbank to other devices.
+ Speaker quality is excellent 
A true value for money phone. 


4 stars

 Satish

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Good product  

 Pros: battery(4900), Quick charging, display, picture quality,ROM . 
Cons: You can't remove battery, No handfree set, You can't play certain Videos(AC3), slow in taking pics during nighttime. 


5 stars
Mubassir Alam

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone *****  

 Hi friends,
This is really a dream phone
awesome look
awesome battery life
fast charging 
camera clearity is acceptable
Support high end games
display is very good
fingerprint work very well
32Gb internal memory (almost 25Gb available for users)
no heating issue so far 
little bit havier may be due to large battery but its not big factor 
sound quality is very good
2GB ram 
wow what a combination, I was using HTC desire 820 but the battery wasn't very good and phone was heating if playing games but there is no issue with my vibe p1
Its simply superb phone with lots of function
If you're looking to buy it don't hesitate just go for it you'll love it 


5 stars
Deependra Singh

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Overall Good, Smooth Affordable Price.  

 Fantastic design. Performance is good.
Great 5.5 inch 1080p display, with great sunlight legibility Screen resolution is good. 
Phone's build quality is excellent. 
Battery backup is good. Super power battery house, takes just 1 hour to fully charge 5000mAh battery 
32GB storage is good enough.
2GB RAM is always available. 
Excellent fingerprint sensor.
Fingerprint sensor is fast
Gorilla Glass 3 protection
Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both sims cards
Speaker quality is excellent
Sound is loud and clear
Screen resolution is good. Performance is good. 
First time VIBE UI experience and its not bad and the firmware update gave the option to choose Google style UI as well with app drawer --> So no complaints.
Value for money.  


4 stars

 Khan

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Good phone, but need to confirm battery issues  

 The phone is really good and as all have mentioned multiple features 
I wanted to confirm 2 things I have noticed.
1. Phone dies at 20-25% charge suddenly.
2. Battery stays stuck at 100% sometimes. 
I am having these issues otherwise the phone is commendable.
I do not know if others are having the same issues as well 
[ Update 11/20 ] Received a replacement phone as there were issues cropping up with battery. Just started it and will update in a week or so. 


5 stars

 AlphaAce

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Vibrant Lenovo Vibe P1  

 I am using this phone for the past three weeks. 
Touch is butter smooth - comparable to iphones.
Camera is very good. Snaps taken during low light conditions also are sharp.
Speakers are too good.
Voice clarity is very good.
This phone comes with a transparent back cover and screen guard. Good thinking, lenovo.
Biometric - Finger print scanner is good. One needs to configure it. 
Comes with a 5000mAH battery. Good as of now, needs to be tested. 
I could not find any cons yet. 
Overall 5 Stars for the price-performance-features. 
Good buy.  


5 stars

 Miten Chotaliya

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Worth buy..Go for it blindly..!!!  

 Everything is more or than perfect except rear camera need more stable hands to take clean shots. 
Go for it with out any second thought..!! ..:-)  


5 stars
Prateek Kashyap

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent performance  

 -I ordered this phone on first day of its sale and since i received it the performance is outstanding till now. 
-The battery is not drained till 2 days with normal usage.
-The rocket charger is amazing it charges the phone in maximum 1.5 hrs. and also other android devices were charged very fast with it.
-The steel mat finish on the back gives it a royal look and it feels really good to hold.
-LED notification light is very dim although it is also fine.
-OTG works perfectly.
-Good quality pictures from both the camera.
-Finger print scanner is the fastest among any other device.
-Superb speakers.
-Touch is very smooth no lag suffered.
-Phone itself charges any other phone. 
Would highly recommend to buy it. Thanks Lenovo !  




#############################PAGE-126#####################################
5 stars
vamsidhar gangupam

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome product by Lenovo  

 Delivery was perfect ...on date. And to talk about the product....Man..this is the ultimate smart phone....with very good specs and a very affordable price. It has a got a very huge battery capacity which for me lasted for one and a half day with data on. :-) No need to carry your portable phone charger . 
For any mid range smart phone buyers ....i would say...guys...you can blindly go for it and u will never regret taking my advice...:-)   


5 stars

 Dibyajyoti Muk...

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Superb phone...so stop thinking n grab one :)  

 This is the best phone that u can get at this price point...best-in-class specs, cool fingerprint sensor, loud sound output n the battery is nothing less than a powerhouse...kudos to Lenovo for coming up with this masterpiece! The perfect all-rounder!!! 


4 stars

 rv saiteja

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 awsome mobile  

 touch is very smooth
finger print works great
it would have been good if it has also access to lock apps
primary camera gives very clear shot
secondary camera is an average rated
rocket charger works perfect
battery remains upto 2 days   


4 stars

 Narayanarao M

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Worth buying  

 Nice and excellent outfit, 32gm and camera was excellent, selfie beauty is fantastic, battery 5000mah..... 


5 stars

 Vishnu Bhakt H C

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 upto now on mark  

 great phone ever i use after xiaomi brands... 3gb required... but enough to use 
all sensors working fine. camera 13mp same as mi4i 


5 stars

 Krishnareddy M...

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 * Fantastic design
* Great 5.5 inch 1080p display
* Good processor and 2GB RAM
* Android 5.1 on board (custom VIBE UI), even we can chose Google UI
* Great memory, 32GB ROM and expandability upto 128GB
* Gorilla Glass 3 protection
* Good cameras (with fast-focus for rear camera)
* Dual SIM 4G, 4G on both SIMS WOW 


5 stars

 Sunny Ji

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Full paisa wasool mobile  

 Pros:
long battery life
fast fingerprint sensor
amazing speaker sound
permission controls
fast charger
brilliant display n camera n metal body 
Cons:
not easy to carry(heavy)  


5 stars

 sujit jadhav

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Lovely phone at good price  

 Delivered before time.
Phone is heavy (some people can fell very heavy) but ok for me
Wonderful build quality
Surprise : Got back cover and scratch gard , thanks lenovo
Thanks flipkar for excellent exchange and card offer.
Amazing Battery : lasts for 48 hours 
Very very quick charging.
Good camera
UI is ok not best , i like themes support.
Not able to find how finger print sensor works (diff for not techie user)
Front camera is also ok.
Wonderful display with excellent daylight visibility
Wifi is working great.
Requires nano sim.
I cant move apps to external memory. 


5 stars

 Prodipta Mondal

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Best mobile around 15-16K range  

 Best phone with all features within 16K!
the battery and fingerprint reader are the best features at this price. Sound is really loud.   


5 stars
Vijay Menon

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 Best product & fast service. The product discription was correctly displayed & delivery received before the expected date. 




#############################PAGE-127#####################################
5 stars

 Hari Sridhar Rao

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Review on Lenova VIBE P1  

 No words than Excellent than expected. Its really good product from Lenova and is really value for money too. Time taken to deliver the product is very surprising from Flipkart. 


3 stars

 Milin Garga

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 AVERAGE PHONE  

 Apart from battery and fingerprint i don't find anything good on this handset. It even keeps on lagging occasionally.
Volume rockers have already started to shake. Not worth of 16k . 


4 stars

 Mohammed%20 is...

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 I am happy after buying this phone, worth for this price  

 Pros: 
Camera is okay compare to this segment.
Phone is quick in response.
music quality is good.
Graphics is superb.
Overall good quality. 
Cons:
Battery is overhyped, doesn't look like 4900 mah. Last for just 24 hours.
2 gb ram is less, would have been 3 gb. 


5 stars

 Swapna Sanand

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 I love using Lenovo VIBE P 1  

 I have used a variety of phones, especially as I work in a dynamic 24X7 environment. This phone is sleek, stylish, has a great camera and fantastic sound clarity, it is easy to use and provides me with a host of great features that make it easier for me to manage my emails, my time and my work related tasks with zero stress. I am loving this! 


4 stars
APURBA BRAHMA

 16 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Recently bought it. Finger print feature is great. Under such specs I think the price is right.
Though the phone box does not include headset, user manual & selfie flash component, which is disappointing. Above all the phone is excellent as of now.
The hotshot of this phone is CLASSSSSSSSIC with windows 8. Just plug and play. You do not need for any dongle.
My experience with the phone has been excellent. 


5 stars

 ABHISHEK

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 Good Performance Phone  

 Using Lenovo Vibe P1 from last 5 days . It has Excellent Battery Life , good screen resolution, good camera, good internal storage (32 GB, arnd 24 GB available) etc.
Very nice phone to own, just go for it... 


4 stars

 Naveed Shaikh

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 Simply awesome mobile..  

 Using this phone since 3 days..
Phone clarity is 10/10
Battary backup is marvelous.
Only camara is not on the edge in night.. But apart from this no complaints yet.. Just go for it.. 


5 stars

 Sri harsha

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 Elegant beast with poor eyes...!!!  

 Hey all...been using the mobile for a couple of days by now.So my impression:
Display: crisp and clear(4.0)
Build:its clothed in metal so obviously feels great in hand(4.5.).though weight is slightly on the heavier side.
Look:elegant(5)
Battery:you'll fall in love with it(5).
Sound:loud and fine(3.50)
Connectivity:did notice some call drops don't know due to network or mobile(3.90)
Camera:poor(2.25)
Accessories:missing earphones and provided ones aren't of extraordinary quality(3.5)
Lags:minor .overall smooth day to day performance(4.0)
Fingerprint sensor a showcase option to canvass about to friends though its a fun to have it(3.75)
NFC wifidirect internal memory of 32gb expandable slot rocket charge add mileage to day to day usage.
Overall can give 4.25 to this mobile ...no hard disc cum powerbank... 


5 stars
Datta Auti

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Product by LENOVO..........  

 I have used I-phone, HTC, Samsung, Blackberry but this phone is excellent in terms of design, low price and advanced features and most important part is battery also it charges very fast as compare to other mobile. Camera is not very good like Samsung and i-phone but its ok. 16K is worth for this product. 
Only one this is missing that is head phone. Lenovo is not giving headphone with mobile.  


5 stars

 Umesh Chauhan

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone !!!!  

 I had a Lenovo K3 note and replaced it with Vibe P1. Using it from last 1 week and it's awesome!!!! This phone is perfect !!Just a bit heavy but it's OK if you are getting a 4900 Mah battery. 
Just one thing i've noticed is that it power button is a bit flabby or you can say it is a bit loose. The volume buttons are OK. I don't know if it is same with all vibe p1 model or it is just in my phone. 




#############################PAGE-128#####################################
4 stars
Mahima Mansinghka

 14 Nov 2015 
 
 AWESOME BEAST RIG  

 This mobile is really beast and loved it soo much....thanks to lenovo...on first day mobile charge its producing heat too much but now thats normal...no heat.While playing games lil bit heat that is normal for every device......My opinion its worth to buy this device and valu for money... 


4 stars

 Kumaresh N

 14 Nov 2015 
 
 Satified  

 Superfst charging battery(takes 2 hrs(approx) for full charging).. Long lasting battery..
Nice display.. Good picture quality..
Ram works fine.. 
But once in ten times apps are getting crashed...  
Go for it. 
My ratings - 3.75/5 


5 stars

 Tanumay Ray

 14 Nov 2015 
 
 Overall good phone in all aspects.  

 Very good phone in this price. The service of the phone is good as described. Now I want to buy a flipcover of this phone. But there is no flipcover of this phone in flipkart till now. 


4 stars

 Suresh

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 Overall good  

 I have been using this phone for a week.Previously I was using xperia z1 compact.So I can compare with that phone only.. 
Pro
1. Battery. It last for two days with my 3G includes wifi video/songs/games.
2.No hang yet
3.speaker phone have enough sound 
Con
1.Display clarity is not good as my z1 compact have.
2. Bit bulky
3. Back button on right side (may take sometime to adjust)  


5 stars

 Harisankar Mur...

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 Great One So Far  

 I've exchanged this product with my Xperia Z1, and got it for 11,000/- 
Its been more than a week since i purchased this.  
+veS : 
Amazing Screen & Design
Fast & Nice UI
Big Battery (As per my usage, it lasts around 3 days. the best thing is, when i watch a movie, it consumes only 7-8% battery for a 2 hr movie with low brightness)
Superb Build Quality
Fingerprint reader works like a charm
Good Sound
32GB Storage
Amazing value for money 
-veS : 
Camera not so good in low light. good in daylight though,
it will be great to have atlest 3 GB of RAM, though 2 GB is good to go for normal to medium usage. 


5 stars

 Mohan Shah

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 Great Phone for Techy Users  

 This is one of the best phone for IT users and Tech savoy peoples. Lots of features that is not coming in such a budget price in any other Brand. I am the Lenovo users since last 2 years and earlier using Lenovo P770 and not found any issue and now brought this phone. 
Must buy phone from Lenovo with Good look and Feel. 


4 stars
Atul Gupta

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 Good Engineering by Lenovo  

 pros  
1) Responsive Finger Sensor to Lock & Unlock Device... this feature works flawlessly. 
2) Good Battery Backup 
3) Camera is OK but could have been better 
4) Does not hang and heats while charging sometimes ...  
5) Display is good  
6) Charges very quickly  
7) I do not think you can get better mobile for this price as of writing this feedback 
8) Body looks professional and is of metal .... not plastic ! 
9) In all good engineering by Lenovo ....  
10) Does not come with headphone but its already documented and i was knowing before purchase 
11) Best for this price range... wanted to give 4.5 stars 
cons
1) Its bit on heavier side but its heavy due to long lasting battery.  


5 stars

 Naren

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Best of best in this budget  

 hi guys..
iam very exited to buy this phone, finally this beast satisfied with my needs.
using this from week.. Everything is fine, 
1. display is very sharp and crisp, touch feel also very smooth, 
2. battery backup is very good, 
3. internal storage 32gb is quiet enough and as well external storage slot is also there, 
4. finger print reader works well and fast.
5. Camera is good and decent. 
Cons: weight is the only thing.. that feels heavy.  
overall its best and the best to buy in this price range.  


4 stars

 ushakanta maha...

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone on this price...  

 The delivery was good from flipkart. The mobile was very good.
The battery backup is very good, giving 2 days battery back up with maximum time 3g use.
The charging time was 2 hrs to full charge the battery from 0% to 100%.
No heating issue. No hang problem. Till the date very good phone. 


4 stars

 Zeyaullah Anwar

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Its Just Awesome in this range  

 every thing is nice in this mobile,
No hanging,
No Heating Issue,
battery backup is also good.
sound is good.
Camera is also Ok.
but Mobile is bit weight 




#############################PAGE-129#####################################
4 stars

 Rohit Theja

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 perfect who is looking for overall performance :)  

 i'm using this phone form past 2 days. battery,performance,front camera,finger print,touch feel every thing is fine ,back camera is like 5-7 MP not like 13 MP its unable to focus near objects much, when we r zooming missing picture pixel quality as well and UI is not up to mark when ur considering the price range u can definitely choose this Mobile.And 1 more thing it is little bit heat while charging its not a big issue.(over all performance is good 4/5 for your money ) 


5 stars

 Rajeev Raina

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 The perfect phone  

 Form factor: Good, Single hand use is possible with average hands. 
Processor & Ram: Is good enough for daily usage. I am not in gaming and all that stuff, so cant comment further on this. 
Display: Nice & Bright, usable outside in sun 
Sound- Speaker & Incall sounds are Bombastic, You can never miss any thing. 
Battery Life: Due to high capacity battery, battery life is mind blowing. I got 3 days plus with Wifi on all time ( and phone in 3g mode ) and normal phone usage ( instant email, whats app, listening music etc) 
Camera: Daylight -Its good, Lowlight- Photos are bit grainy but almost all phone have this issue, Indoors- Powerful flash takes care to provide enough light. 
GPS: location is locked pretty fast  


4 stars

 Manoj K Singh

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 Great Phone to Buy  

 Lenovo Vibe P1 is very nice phone but only problem in the camera. It won't give you better clarity of picture at night but good in day light however all remaining features are fantastic.Its not a good phone for camera lover. I giving 4 rating only because of this reason otherwise it deserves 5 out of 5.  


5 stars
Ishita Shinde

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 Nice phn,good price looks premium  

 I was looking for good battery and dual sim LTE.when this phn was launched I ordered immediately. Received it on 9 Nov
Usage has been fairly moderate but its been smooth . 615 snapdragon is fairly cool and 2 GB ram is enuf for that
Internal memory is good 
No lag and finger print reader is fast
15 k phn with fingerprint is a steal
No regrets whatsoever ever 
Loved this phn since usage more to follow 


5 stars

 Dipesh Dutta

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Specification in this range  

 BATTERY Excellent - 2 to 3 days
DISPLAY Good 
SOUND Not Good
FINGER PRINT Sensitivity High 
CONNECTIVITY Excellent 
In this range best option to purchase. 


5 stars

 nijil nair

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Value for Money  

 I think for the category it is in, it really pulls in a lot of things. Looks are great, sleak.. slightly heavy but it does pack 4900 ,mAH.. 
Rear Camera was a slight disappointment but then you cant get all.. 
The Speakers were a surprise... Loud sound!! Very Happy. 
Smooth Performance 2GB seems to be more than enough.  


4 stars

 Wasim Akram

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Reviwing after 1 week of usage  

 Everything nice and well except Camera Quality, the camera become dull in Dim light and also camera not better than K3 Note. 


5 stars
Vijayakumar S

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Features with Reasonable Price  

 Just One day before got this phone. I need to say thanks to Flipkart/WS Retail for Quick and safe delivery. 
Good configurations and features 
please note that Battery is non-removable 


5 stars

 Jagadeesh Pasu...

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone  

 Looks great and performance also good. I recommend this phone.
Finger print reader working well. Audio Video clarity is great, 
High end 3d games also running well.
No lagging
Touch is very nice
Battery backup excellent.  


5 stars

 Srajan Garg

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 An almost GOD phone.  

 This is a perfect phone. It doesn't compromises with any feature at all. You name it and it has it. I researched for like 2-3 years on every new phone that was launched, but each time I would found one or the other feature absent. But this cell has it all. The specs on its page doesn't mention it but it even has a gyro sensor, I checked it on antutu results. so yeah VR is go go. But when I say 'Almost' I mean it. The thing is it is a bit heavy and when you use it for longer duration such as while gaming/surfing/chatting...your hand is gonna speak, not much though but it will. Also the rear camera is a bit inferior to that of lenovo k3 note. It surprised me as this phone is LITERALLY a 'k3 Note' with a mettalic back. It's the finger print sensor in the front and bottom speaker grill that makes it a beauty..LITERALLY. I say this beacuse my roomie has a k3 note and I checked it with my bare hands. Also when it chrages upto 50%, the device's temperature is shit high..LITERALLY, may be because I have installed shit load of apps and have no idea what is running and what not. It cools down in no time I must say. 
I installed CameraMX app and I can say now the camera challenges k3note. Whenever I feel the heaviness I just take the back cover out. I feel this is the dream phone one could ever dream. I still am trying to figure out what feature it does not have. However I wish I never find any.
If you want to buy a phone around 12-13K, just borrow some more and buy this one. Just go for it you won't regret. 




#############################PAGE-130#####################################
5 stars

 Hemanth KH

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Super awesome.. !!  

 I believe this is the best smart phone in this price range. review after 2 days of heavy usage. 
Performance: 9/10 
Camera: 9/10 ( rear and front produces good quality images, u will like it for sure) 
built and design: 9.5/10 (u feel premium/ rich look). 
finger print sensor: 10/10( works super fine) 
battery : 10/10 (awesome, i just charged phone only once after receiving it, believe me after heavy usage and downloading still i have 40% of charge, u also have fast charging option where ua phone ll get charged in less than 2hr, isn't it awesome..?) 
other options:
DUAL sim (u have dedicated 2 sim slots) + SD card slot= 32 gb internal memory + 2gb ram( almost U ll have 750-1gb of free ram always). 
Cons:
1. would have been 3ram instead of 2gb but you wont any diff now... u feel diff only when u r heavy gamer. 
2. The device do heats up some time, common it happens in all devices ( the charger produces output of 1.5A- 2A so device heats at the time of charging , again nothing to worry). 
3. No earphones/headphones provided. 
I really recommend this phone.  


5 stars

 haribabu velud...

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent product  

 hi friends 
this is my review after 1 week of usage
after receiving the product i updated with a 215MB of data and after 4 days with 35MB data.so update ur mobile firstly  
pros:battery,
 finger sensor,
 fast charging (takes almost 1:30 to 1:45 minutes for full charging)
 power saving mode is good option
 better front cam
Cons:
UNFORTUNATELY EVERYONE WAS CHEATED THAT BOTH SIMS ARE NOT LTE(4G) that is very bad on FLIPKART
 not a excellent rear cam but OK
 getting little bit heated while charging and attending calls
 RAM is not showing properly and system uses more RAM 
 at this price RAM should be 3GB 
i finally say this product is good but if u wait for few more months(2 or 3) u can get similar specs at lower cost but not for 4900mah battery 


5 stars

 akhil sharma

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 SHANDAAR JABARDAST ZINDABAD  

 This phone is really worth for 15999
My experience really good flipkart given me the phone in just 3 day thanks alot
Camera is awesome very good quality selfie is crazy
Charging is superfast
buy this phone now everybody............. 


4 stars

 Aneesh Kumar PT

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 AFTER ONE WEEK USAGE  

 PROS AND CONS: 
First of all flipkart delivery is very fast.. 
1. Battery back up available for 36 hrs normal usage
2. Wifi direct, Screen Mirroring to Sony TV, OTG Charge to another Mobile, Blutooth, 4G connectivity, are very good
3. Not much weight, easy to handle
4. I installed 38 apps including games, mobile is very responsive and available 800 mb ram
5. I used 32 gb memory card, after all apps installed phone memory available 22 gb total almost 52 gb very responsive
6.Full charge within 75 minute
7. Look very pretty
Cons:
1. Back camera is average but front is better, night mode very poor
2. Fingerprint is not highly responsible
3. While charging mobile is heat
4. Gorilla glass needed screen guard 
Thats it, after one week usage of Lenovo Vibe P1 


5 stars

 David Samson

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone at this price tag!  

 First of all thanks to flipkart for before time delivery!!! 
Phone is really awesome! Nice look & feel with good features! 


5 stars

 Sandeep P.

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Nice and Elegant.  

 using this handset form past one week, switched from Lumia windows to android, looks and feel after owning this handset is great. its bit heavy but ok since battery is my prime requirement. overall nice product to own. 


5 stars
Anuj Purwar

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Value for Money  

 Hi, 
Was checking many phones before buying this like Moto X Play, Samsung J7 but now really thanking myself for buying this one. 
Magnificent features and specification of this phone importantly 32GB memory, 2GB RAM, Awesome finger print sensor, 2 dedicated SIM slots and additional memory card slot, fantastic battery life with lightning fast charging are unbelievable in this price range. All these are working perfectly for me. Little heavy but considering battery life its tolerable. Hitting issue found to be normal just like any other premium range phone. Regarding camera, it could have been better. 
Overall, I am using this phone from last 10 days and really happy for making this choice. 


5 stars
Suresh Shekar

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Rocking lenovo Vibe P1  

 This is a superb phone when compare to other branded smartphones lenovo vibe P1 is best phone to buy.
Good feature are
1) finger print
2) smooth display
3) no heating issue 
4) execelent battery backup 
5) Rocket charging is really good
6) back panel is looking like professional man
7) no lagging issue working smoothly  
Lenovo vibe P1 is better competitive product to other branded phone trust to buy this product really worth of money, battery charging maximum 1 hour is enough for using 2.5 days totally Rocking lenovo P1 vibe.  


4 stars

 Nitish Singla

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 A Nice Phone with Awesome Performance  

 A Nice Phone with Awesome Performance but camera is too bad they mentioned Rear its 13MP but i think its only 5 MP max with very poor camera but no doubt for rear camera its perfect to be said its 5MP. 
Rest all performance is perfect and well deserve. 
I will give 4 out of 5 because of poor camera 


4 stars

 Shantanu Pal

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Value for the price  

 Camera:Not bad
Music:Good
Battery Backup:Good
Heating:No 
The battery recharge time is very fast.
The touch screen is really smooth.
A little bit heavier than other mobiles.
Heads up no headphones :) 




#############################PAGE-131#####################################
4 stars
Patel Nikunj B

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Super "Cool" and Excellent  

 Its just amazing when vibe on my hand ,such a huge slim and power house .
its a good phone for that person who need to carry their charger always with them but now supremely amazing battery backup from this phone ... 
- Good Look
-Good Battery backup
-Touch is amazing   


4 stars
dipesh naringrekar

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome  

 Great phone 
After using it for a week now the phone is damn good.
Battery life is great.
No heating issues at all.
Build quality is perfect.
Gaming performance is also good.
Camera is quite good.
Go for it guys who want a good battery performance. 


5 stars

 Sunil

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Amzing, Superb phone  

 Surpassed expectation....
Finger touch lock is fast
Battery backup is superb
Charging is fast... 
After 5 days of use..i can say, this is great mobile ever at this price.  


5 stars

 Siddharth Chi...

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 VFM.. lenovo has done it again.  

 I was already using Lenovo A7000 which has given me good experience. 
After 1 week of usage of Vibe P1... I must say its a Fantastic phone.. everything is good at this budget...  
 key Points... 
1. Good Build Quality.
2. Awesome Battery Back (upto 2 days with normal usage) Rocket charging takes 1.5 hors for full charge (4900 mah) which is fantastic.
3. No lags, Fast Processing.
4. Good cameras considering the price.
5. Good sharp dispalay with Gorrila Glass protection.
6. Bit heavy, but that is understandable considering massive battery. 
Overall I am satisfied with the performance as Product is VFM.  
If you are not a brand consious... you can go for this.   


5 stars
Kunal Bisht

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 its not just a phone its a beast.....  

 Lenovo has strike this time with exemplary vibe P1. This phone has it all to phenomenal battery life to amazing display to super fast charging to value for money.
initially i was an iphone user and this phone is truly impressive ,and after 215mb+38 mb system update by lenovo dint find any heat issue and camera quality is also sufficient ,fingerprint scanner works flawless and display is just super awesome. 
Lenovo vibe p1 is truly a killer phone.proud to own it.
special thanks to flipkart for lightning delivery.:)  


5 stars

 Rohan

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 A flagship Killer  

 Best phone in price offered.Has a premium feel. Power pack features
Fingerprint sensor and all other functions like wifi booster work very well 10/10
Sound quality is awesome. Rear Camera quality is decent but not bad at all. Front camera is impressive.
Battery backup is amazing. Stock ui and vibe both are fantastic gives u option to switch ui.
About heating issues only faced during charging that too when it was charged 1st time between 1 to 30%.. From 4 days I have not experienced any heating issues not even at the time of charging..
Great value for money..Go for It.  


5 stars

 Amit Patel

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 VIBE P1..Big Leap for Lenovo..Heading Towards Worlds No.1  

 Lenovo has given all possible advance features in the phone without compromising in quality..yet priced very competetively @15999/-..this phone is going to take lenovo to new heights...rather than spending on advertising they spent wisely on quality..& quality speaks for itself..Now Lenovo is Smart & Serious in Smartphone buisness.  
 Awsome Built..Awsome Performance..Awsome Battery!
-No heating issue except functional..during lengthy calls which is in every phone(remember it has 5000mah battery in It) /
-Has all the features of 25k to 30 k..like fingerprin sensor..it even has a micro screen function which even 35k or 40k phone dont have .
-Both Cameras are better though not best(no phone will give a DSLR like Image quality..not to xpect too much )
-Sound,Touch,Speed & Display are Superb.
- Still there are lot of features to mention.. this phone really deserve loads of praises..
..Lenovo is all set to fly high.. 


4 stars
Prasunjeet Soni

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Very Good Product  

 Value for money ... full filling much requirement at this price ... must buy...
Fingure sensor working well and having good clarity with 13mp camera. 


5 stars
Jishak Kasparov

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Extra quality for the price. Great phone  

 Awesome on the looks side. 
Comes with a transparent case that doesn't spoil the look. 
Great feel in hand.
No lag and heating of phone. Good response to touch.
Brilliant User Interface.
Charges from 15% to 100% in an hour. 
Many built in apps.
Good camera.  


5 stars

 SHAMSHER KHAN

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Very seductive looks  

 Phone's build quality is excellent,
Fingerprint is working very well and is a very good addition in this price range.
Screen is excellent
Display 10/10
charging Time Max 1 Hour 10 Min only
Gorilla Glass 3 protection 




#############################PAGE-132#####################################
5 stars

 Rahul Sharma

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone with low price and great specs  

 I would say this phone came to my knowledge at perfect time. I was searching for a good phone with long battery life since long. This phone came as a boon.
Pros:
1. Best battery life. Obviously due to it's 5000 mAh gaint battery. Whatever it maybe. At the end it's a great thing for me
2. Slim body if you compare it with its gaint battery size
3. Crisp clear screen. Anything above 400 PPI is good for a 5.5 inch phone.
4. Great speaker
5. Not so heavy. Obviously huge battery will increase weight a little. But it's not that high
6. Processor is 1.5 GHz and is quite good with 2 GB RAM and 32 GB ROM. No lags whatsoever. I am not much into gaming stuff. So I don't know about gaming performance. 
7. Decent camera
8. Pure Android experience. No unnecessary bloat ware
9. You get a transparent back cover and screen guard free
10. Turbo charger that charges this huge battery in just an hour from zero to 100% 
Cons: 
Just one. 3 GB RAM would have been best. But 2 GB too is fine if you don't fill in the phone with unnecessary and rarely used apps 
All in all, best phone (at least for me) with low price and great specs. 


5 stars

 Sumeet Maladkar

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Superman  

 Superman made it for his own use. Then it got leaked to the human. Human did a good job to modify into our normal use. Its a supermobile from superman from the planet superlenovo 


5 stars

 Shashikant Dongre

 07 Nov 2015 
 
 Display not at par with lenove vibe X2  

 Phone is amazing, only con is that the display is not at par with lenove vibe X2 becoz of 401ppi. It has to be 441ppi like in vibe X2. Otherwise its an amazing phone to own. 


5 stars

 Saurabh Sharma

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Superb!!!!!  

 I wil only say it is superb!!!! 
Phone lags no where........good screen, good response, good sound quality, camera is also good, battery backup is awesome! 
Good one in this amount !!!!! 


5 stars

 Ashish

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Finally a phone that holds its charge for days :)  

 The battery is simply awesome and you don't have to worry about carrying your charger everywhere.. The extra weight due to the battery is not of concern coz you can use your phone for hours together without worrying about the charge draining out..  
The second best part about this phone is the fingerprint recognition software that makes unlocking such a simple and fast process.. The phone comes with a transparent case and a screen protector of good quality and Lenovo has really done a good job. The only thing missing when compared to other phones is that it does not have headphones but if you've already used some phones previously then you definitely will have a pair of headphones already..  
The phone is quite bulky to use with one hand but the operation is smooth and its nice to watch videos on it.. The photo editing software is also quite good.. For the price its being offered at it really is a steal deal.... 


5 stars

 Rajan Parmar

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 awesome product  

 pros :
all mentioned specification. 
cons :
camera could have been better . It is having average picture quality . 


5 stars

 Koosappa Gowda

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Phone  

 Very cute looking , smart look, good finish, batter is so good it get charge in a note time, for travelers it is good phone no charging required full day one you charge .
it is my dream phone finally I got nice Phone in my budget. 
touch screen is also very sensitive, coming with gorilla glass , even sunlight you can read message clearly.
no heating issue
Covered back body so good grip for holding the phone in single hand 
Totally nice phone lovable.
thanks to Lenovo 


5 stars

 Abhishek Sarkar

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone  

 Nice built in quality by Lenovo.. 
1. Good Screen Quality.
2. Finger Security Is very Smooth.
3. Fast Processor
4. Fast Charging.
5. Good Network Quality. 
Nice look and cool mobile. 
3GB RAM will required for this type of phone. 
Over all experience is great. 
Yesterday i got this phone, so im not able to use it properly, however i will post my actual review in 3-4 days.  


5 stars

 Abhishek Singh

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 A perfect smartphone  

 I bet you cannot get any alternative at this price range. Trust of lenovo as well as a load of features and quality... 


5 stars
Mahesh Narni

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 good phone  

 In that price it is a resonable phone with amazing features and battery backup is awesome 
and finger print security is good overall phone is good .
camera is good
phone is fast
looking is good 




#############################PAGE-133#####################################
5 stars
Pankaj Jain

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 300% value of Money  

 Power Backup, finger print lock, sound, look, recharging speed -- Excellent. I am impressed.
But No Flip Cover. 


5 stars
Somavarapu sridhar

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Good phone  

 Good phone no problem. Only heats slightly during charging. Great battery . Fast charging. 


5 stars

 Sunadh Hegde

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Best Phone under 15k  

 Has packed in all the necessary features. Finger print works well once u properly calibrate all the parts of ur finger.
Option to choose between a stock Android ui and lenovo ui. Stock Android one comes with little modifications which are welcome.
When the battery falls to 1% there's a 30 second countdown before the phone shuts down, highly beneficial if u wanna get something done quickly.
Battery is a big bonus with the touch id feature .. Camera quality isnt poor, but quite manageable for daily use.
The phone is Definitely a PICK.! 


5 stars

 Diva Sharma

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 A Beast Phone to Own......!!!  

 I have been waiting for this phone from many days and finally got it today.Seeing many previous reviews regarding Heating Issues , Brightness , Lagging I experimented everything I can with this phone till now and here what I came up with. 
Pros.
1)Excellent metal finish,U wont be disappointed at all by its looks.(U can't get any better mobile than this at this price). 
2.)The 64 bit Octa Core Processor is excellent , I can see no lag while playing Asphalt 8 and other games but yes it does get a bit heated up while playing for an hour or so which I guess is pretty normal. 
3.)Both Rear and Front camera are not as good as expected although the pics do have a clarity but camera could have been better. 
4.)Fingertouch sensor is perfect .I give 10/10 to that. 
5.) The Besel speaker are quite loud so no issues with the sound quality. 
6.) I went through all the reviews and I dont why people complained regarding the brightness since Lenevo has given Comfort ,Deafult and Super Bright mode to be used according to the user,So according to me brightness is not the issues at all. 
7.)2 gb Ram is provided in which 1.3 gb is available for use,getting Rid of the in built blotware's would surely increase the free RAM. 
8.) Free screen guard and a good back cover can also be considered a Pro. ;) 
Cons
1.) No headset which is quite a setback ,since i already own a skullcandy so no issues. 
2.) Camera could have been a bit better I guess , but with this price i give it a thumbs up. 
This phone competes with One Plus X launching Novmber 5. Since there always has been some pros and cons to diffrent mobiles. I consider this phone a reliable buy if u are amazed with the specs. 


3 stars
Raghavendra Rao

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Good phone Huge battery  

 Pros: 
- Good phone, big 5.5 HD screen, 
- huge battery but it still lasts 1-1.5days using the low power switch mode
- 32gb rom is a benefit so u wont see there is no enough memory while installing as many apps
- performance so far good.
- Finger scan unlock is a good feature at this price
- product comes with the screen gaurd and descent rear plastic cover
- great delivery service by Flipkart 
Cons:
- 70-80%ram is always in use. 3gb ram would be an added value at may be ~17k price 
- Camera photo quality is poor compared to competitors with similar configuration
- Charging micro pin port is delicate you feel it may break soon\
- NO EARPHONE provided with the product 


4 stars

 Baladevan Hari...

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Good Job form Lenovo  
 
This is a good product from Lenovo, The product performs flawless after a week of use, i didn't face any issue with it so far, still need to know the unique features of it. 
Rocket charge is awesome feature. 
Camera not in par with the contemporary's but OK for this price tag  
The hard case that comes alone with the P1 is very slippery, i am sure it will dent one of the edges 
sim card holder is a bit flimsy 
I am using 128Gb MSD card as external and it works fine. 
No headphone provided for this product this is bit on the downside  
Touch sensitivity is good  
Sound form this model is not of my liking unlike k3 
Go for it if you are in a budget constrain. 


5 stars

 Nishan

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent phone!  

 Overall an awesome phone from Lenovo.  
Highly satisfied :) 
Pros:
>Phone's build quality feels like a premium segment phone. 
>Charging completes in no time. 
>Battery backup is excellent (better than every phone available in market right now)
>32GB storage is good enough (+expandable to 128 Gb)
>2GB RAM is awesome. 
>Excellent fingerprint sensor. 
>Screen resolution is equivalent to iPhone 6S. 
>Performance is good. No lagging/ hanging 
>Call quality is good. No signal drop noticed. 
>Had slight issues with Wifi reception, may be due to location of my router.
>Rear camera is good. Selfie quality is acceptable. 
Comes with a Gloss screen guard and a transparent rear plastic cover. No headset. 
Cons:
>It doesn't make you a Coffee !! :D
>Feels a bit heavy, but thats due its awesome battery life. Not too slim.  


3 stars

 Rammohan Viswa...

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Battery getting Drain quickly  

 Configuration and other item looks good, Except Battery getting Drain quickly. 
Other than this every thing good like Finger print Scanner and performance are OK. 


4 stars

 prasad ab

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 it is so good.............  

 yesterday i received the mobile........the company sealed parcel........it is so nice....on the outset the mobile is as expected.......the camera quality is very good............particularly the audio is superb.......battery backup yet to be revealed ..............the finger print option working well and it also very comfortable to operate the mobile...........over all it is very premier....... 


5 stars

 Lokes,G

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 NICE PHONE  

 Every thing was good i really happy with this product little thing was heating, but thats not probs. And performance was okay while compare to other phones value for money need more updates 




#############################PAGE-134#####################################
4 stars
Yogesh More

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Product is amazing with very less accessories)  

 I found product is up to the mark with all technical aspect & battery is perfect 
but HEADSET is not provided in box, but its mentioned in product details by flipkart .you need to bear that cost of 2000 for head set the n your handset costing you 18000/- sure.or else i think flipkart need to give head set from their side as it was mentioned in product details on web site. 


4 stars
Abhishek Singh

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Good Mobile but expected more!  

 I m using this mobile from last two days, the build quality is good, nice looking and battery back up is excellent. But I noticed following issues.
1. Camera quality is just ok not brilliant.
2. Heating Issue
3. Only two finger print can be added
4. RAM should be 3 GB here for high end apps and games. 
will update more after using it... 


5 stars

 Chetan More

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Loved this even before it arrived.  

 Thanks flipkart for the quick delivery. This phone is truly a beast.
Always needed a phone with all these features.
Build quality is excellent. Charges in no time. Battery backup is too good. 32GB storage is good enough. Excellent fingerprint sensor. Resolution is very good. Performance is too good. No lags at all.
Truly a smart phone from lenovo.
Earphones would have been an add-on. 


4 stars

 karthik k

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Nice phone to own!  

 Phone's build quality is excellent. Charging completes in no time. Battery backup is good. 32GB storage is good enough. More than 1GB RAM is always available. Excellent fingerprint sensor. Screen resolution is good. Performance is good. No lag. Scores around 40k with Antutu.  
Rear camera is good but not exceptional. Takes a bit of time to switch from camera to preview and back. Selfie quality is acceptable.  
Feels a bit heavy. Not too slim. Gets warm with moderate to heavy usage. CPU-Z reports more than 50 degree reading sometimes. 


5 stars

 Manmeet Singh

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Attractive , fast and amazing  

 Good phone . fast fingerprint sensor , antutu benchmark score is low but all general work is smooth . camera good in daylight . not so good at night .good phone for this price . 


5 stars
Hirvita Acharya

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Amazing Mobile...  

 First of all I want to thank Flipkart for fast delievery before estimated date...
and about ph,it is simply awesum in this range...till now i haven't faced any problem...battery life is good..sound is also loud and clear...camera quality is upto the level...and brightness is also sufficient... 


5 stars

 Kailash Chandr...

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone in 20k range  

 Attractive look, nice design
Battery performing very well
Both cameras are ok not bad
Little bit heating issue while charging but no problem
Fingerprint sensor is performing nicely
Nice display, with sunlight legibility
Ram could have been 3 Gb
Overall a nice product from Lenovo  


5 stars

 surabattuni ma...

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 One of the best mobiles in market today  

 All the pros and cons have been explained in previous reviews I am not going to repeat them again...
1)there is no heating issue for this mobile as stated by many users(prior to updating the software my phone had that issue but not now)....it will get a little bit warm while charging which I feel is quite normal for any phone
2)one bad thing about finger print sensor is there is no application locking software which uses finger print technology in this phone(other mobiles like Samsung s6 cool pad note3 have that option to lock any application using their finger print).....and it doesn't make any sense to give finger print sensor just for unlocking our phone(more over anyone can unlock our phone even without finger print just by entering the pattern or pin if their finger print doesn't match with the owner....so what's very new about this finer print technology given by lenovo??
3)all other features in the phone are excellent particularly display,battery, performance, touch,etc.... 


5 stars

 ghanshyam

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 best phone from lenovo :)  

 i can say its a great device in 16k i exchange my iphone 4s and flipkar give me good price
using since 4 days and have not faced any problem, good cam, front can is ok, but fingerprint reader is good same like one+ 2, 
and best part is battery all day use but till the night its 50%  


4 stars

 Lina K

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Value for money : No heat issue, just go for it  

 ++++ fingerprint unlock - awesome!
++++ Large Battery 4900 mAh battery - no more charging daily!!!
++++ Quick charge - almost 1 to 1.5hours to full charge - 24W 2Amp charger 
+++ Price! [ + discount of 10% off on card + exchange offer ] 
+++ FLIP to lock screen feature 
+++ Dual SIM 4G - BOTH 
++ No lag ( Played for 4hours continuously with no heat issue)
++ Good Build quality : Elegant sleek design with large battery inside
++ Expandable storage up to 128GB 
++ Low SAR value - less radiation 
++ Good Loud speaker ( good for skype video chat) 
+ Gorilla Glass 3
+ 32gb internal storage 
+ Comes with screen guard & clear back case
+ Changeable Default launcher ( Google or VIBE)
+ Removable Default APPs
+ Nano sim  
- Slight heat while charging - minor!
- Not so good Auto Display brightness ( disabling get better display sharpness)
- 2GB RAM, better if it had 3GB 
- slightly overweight - but remember with large battery init
- No ear phones  
-- Touch experience - below expected ( fails to recognize touch sometimes) 
--- Below Average camera  
As soon as you get the phone, install all updates available. This fixes all the known issues.  
Overall value for money phone. Worth every Rs spent! 




#############################PAGE-135#####################################
4 stars

 Chandan Pati

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 Best phone@ this price  

 Excellent Phone,
Nice Display.
Received one update.
Came with Back cover and scratch Guard.
Finger print working properly.
Nano sim.  
Heating issue observed while charging.  
Review update after 3 months of use, 
No issues observed till now, battery last for almost 2 days.   


5 stars
Sravya

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesum Phone...!  

 Every thing is working well...Extra ordinary mobile in this price....Lenovo is proved with this phone...no words to explain about mobile...blindly go for it...!!! 


5 stars
Aryan Technokrat

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 It's a beast  

 - Very good build quality
- it has got very good external speakers when compared to other android phones
- very good sound clarity through earphones
- it has got lot of features like one hand operation, double knock to activate etc...
- battery solidly lasts for 1 and half day for mixed use (for hard use it lasts 1 day).
- not at all lagging a single bit in vibe ui and google ui but if u put another launcher it shows very slight lag but negligible.
- camera (13mp rear 5mp front similar to other android phones at this price range dont expect too much for this price)..
- still now i didnt face any heating issues..
- charges the phone in 1hour...thanks to lenovo's rocket charging technology..
- finger print sensor is also fine ...
- very good call quality no call drop..
- accessing power saving mode is very easy just slide the button,,
- 
only one dis advantage is its weight it will be 40gms heavier than the other 5.5inch screen phones. This is because of 5000mah battery so carrying extra 40 gms is not a big deal for us.. 


5 stars

 Bala krishna

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Nice product..  

 I used Samsung S3 before and i can see lot of differenc,e when i started using Vibe P1. I would thank to flipkart for providing wonderful product for normal price.
I can give below ratings on various aspects. 
1. Look------------------------ 8/10
2. Performance------------10/10
3. Battery backup ------- 10/10
4. Display-------------------- 8/10
5 Camera--------------------- 8/10( little disappointment for rare camera) 
I have given 5 out of 5 rating because, Lenovo vibe P1 phone is exceed expectation what i felt before. 


5 stars

 Nagaraj Ranganath

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome phone for the price  

 - Make quality, touch sensitivity, battery, speed, sound .. these stand "BEST"
- loaded apps, useability .. these fall under "GOOD" 
The weight of the phone is what is probably a bit on the higher side. - "Not good"  


4 stars

 Saravanan Kannan

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Good one from Lenovo  

 Nice Phone. 
Touch is good.
In build memory also Good in this price range.
Cam is ok.
Charging is Super fast.
Battery backup is amazing. 
Flipkart Service is Very good.. !!! Thanks to flipkart.   


5 stars

 Nikhil

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Excellent Secondary Device  

 I had ordered it the same night it release, was waiting for a few days before writing the review. 
I wanted a secondary handset with good processor and internal storage, primary being Moto E(1st Gen, I prefer pocketable phones). My options were Oneplus One and Moto X Play. But I chose Vibe P1, and I am happy on my decision. 
- Fingerprint reader is supercool.
- Fast Charging is amazing!
- Battery backup is excellent.
- Cameras are above average.
- Call quality is excellent.
- Screen is very good.
- Note like features - Small screen, floating bubble etc - very helpful. 
This is a good quality phone. 


5 stars

 KK

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Best phone in the Market  

 Good Looks
Good Design
Good Battery Backup
Finger Print scanner is a big Add on
32 gb inbuild is very good
100% satisfied. 


5 stars

 Nagaraja

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Nice Phablet  

 Great device with excellent battery life. Camera performance is decent. The audio, video playback quality is awesome. Finger print reader works great. Power beast flagship phone by lenovo.Thanks filpkart for delivering before on time. Luv the phone... 


4 stars

 rupesh

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 You are getting much more for what you are paying.  

 best in its class, in 16000 you are getting a 25000 phone simply superb. if you want to use Android UI this is not a phone for U heats a lot but with Lenovo UI works superb. 




#############################PAGE-136#####################################
5 stars
Abhinaw Sai

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Dynamite of a phone!  

 If it were loaded anymore, it'd be a gun! 
Bought the phone, using it since 3 days - Happy! 
Pros -
32GB
Great Battery
Micro-screen feature
Great look!
NFC (for the future)
Fingerprint
Dual 4G LTE
Dual tone flash
Fast Charge (really is fast)
Comes with a back transparent case 
Medium-
Camera
2GB Ram 
Cons-
It does heat up a bit
Little heavier than the usual 


5 stars

 madhav

 14 Feb 2016 
 
 mesmarising  

 every feature is up to the mark, happy with the product, bit heavy weight, but good to feel. transparent back case is added feature and is good 


3 stars

 Gourishankar M...

 12 Feb 2016 
 
 MOBILE DATA IS NOT WORKING  

 OVERALL THE PHONE IS EXCELLENT. BUT FROM THE LAST 2 DAYS MOBILE DATA IS ACTIVE BUT INTERNET SERVICE IS NOT AVAILABLE. 


1 star

 Siva Kumaresan

 12 Feb 2016 
 
 Very Poor Performance  

 I bought this phone on Nov'15. The phone's charger failed to work in a month and now touch screen is already not working and when taken to service centre they say its not covered in warranty and they say it happens in 1 in 100 phones. Not worth for the money and seriously not reliable. I think lenovo is not a worthy brand for mobile phones. 


1 star
Srinivas

 09 Feb 2016 
 
 Good product - terrible service  

 My screen shattered. 
(1) All the numbers listed on the website, for Lenovo customer care are wrong. Had to call toll free to get the correct number. 
(2) The customer service center (HCL) asks me to visit them, leave the phone there and they will try to get it done in a week's time !! They have no local inventory of popular phones and now a days the parts arrive only on request.  
(3) I call Lenovo asking them if they can help ship a part - they explain laboriously - "Screw you we cannot do anything". When I ask to escalate within the call center, they call the same service center and put the same guy on the line. !! 
Unbelievable that in this day and age people are expected to deposit the phone for week at the service center. Well done Lenovo!!  


1 star
Karnan

 09 Feb 2016 
 
 charging heat  

 charging pin and charging heat phone lenovo 


1 star
Srinivas Akula

 07 Feb 2016 
 
 Worst Quality Phone  

 I have ordered Lenovo Vibe P1 from flipkart, first time they sent me some faulty product and i have asked for replacement again they sent me the same faulty product for the second time. very very bad experience from flipkart for the first time. 


1 star
Raman Arora

 07 Feb 2016 
 
 Too Bad Experience  
 
1. Touch Screen is not working Properly.
2. It Hangs many time.
3. Front camera is not working properly, it showing black lights while
Capture picture, no not quality of 5MP.
4. Battery Heat up while Charging
5. Automatic Switch off while Calling
6. It don't have front flash and low quality Camera.
7. Voice Speaker have too much low voice. 
i Want to return this Phone, but i didn't get any response from Flipkart. Too Bad Service. 


5 stars

 Shubhankar

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Best Battery Life  

 Nice mobile to have for the price.... ....................................................................................................................................................... 


5 stars

 Atul Saxena

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Awesome  

 The best mobile everything is good................................................................................................................................ 




#############################PAGE-137#####################################
5 stars
Nagesh P Mallaya

 05 Feb 2016 
 
 Good phone  

 Nice phone..good battery life. User friendly interface. Sound is good too  


3 stars

 Shekhar Chatte...

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 Does not support voLTE  

 You cannot make calls on 4G LTE. Unexpected from newly launched phone. Lenovo faking again. voLTE is a feature on almost every phone now except this one. 


3 stars

 sagar shah

 04 Feb 2016 
 
 Charger Cabel is not lenovo standard  

 i m getting the mobile with adapter and the charger cable 
while in the adapter lenovo name is mention but in the cable its not mention and its also not look like as standard 
as i buy another lenovo mobile in that the cabal is also mention with lenovo name 


1 star

 harish kumar V...

 02 Feb 2016 
 
 Worst Model from lenovo  

 Contact manager fails.
Contacts dont load for min 20 sec and max of 2 min.
Heat issues. 
Hangs issues. 


5 stars

 Sudarsan Sharma

 02 Feb 2016 
 
 Really Awesome Phone According to the daily use!!  

 I'm Using this Mobile last 45 days... Feeling very very Lucky to have this phone! I went for my cousin's wedding 2days with 82 % of battery backup and took lot of photo 200 - 300 with and without flash and videos with flash 20 mints and return with 20 % battery left... really awesome experience with this phone. I also play games like clash of clans and other graphical games daily 6 - 7 hrs. No any issues but... 1 thing is that after playing game 1hr phne really went little bit heat....
and another thing in this phone is It making me little bit lazy with some awesome features and performance... its really ve thing... At LASt LENOVO Rockzzzz with this phone. 


1 star
Robert Gnanraj

 02 Feb 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 I am a fan of Lenovo mobile - but not happy with the battery backup and performance of Vibe P1 . I was using P780 - 4000MaH - which was given me backup of more than 40 hrs for the first year and the end of 2 years I was getting minimum 24hrs of back up including all the apps. Vibe has 4900 MaH but not even 24 hrs back up.. really unhappy 


5 stars

 Rahul Harinand

 01 Feb 2016 
 
 Good Phone  

 Awesome phone by Lenovo. Battery is very good as promised with a 5000mAH battery... Camera is OK but good for still photos.... Pretty bulky due to battery weight but its worth a buy. 
Very poor shipping by Flipkart. Promised the delivery on 30th but delivered only on 31st. No good response from the customer service executives.... For Flipkart it is 0 stars.... I am rating the product below and not Flipkart. 


1 star

 P YASODAKRISHNA

 01 Feb 2016 
 
 krishna  

 lenovo service centres are not available in hyderabad, even though lenovo authorized service centres are available, they are charging cost for service under warranty periods also 


1 star
montu

 01 Feb 2016 
 
 no service  

 phone is not good it lag in performance getting hot while regular use & charging,
 i am not happy with product so i register to return but company is not respond 


3 stars

 Girish M

 01 Feb 2016 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 - Good ----can be better.  

 Phone is Good for people needing Good battery backup, heats up a lot. finger print scanner works half the time. 




#############################PAGE-138#####################################
4 stars
Suhaib Khan

 31 Jan 2016 
 
 wow  

 I received the phone before two daysfrom the date of delivery .thnx ws retailer for quick delivery.i am using this phone from last 20 days ,nice battery backup gives 10 hrs of contineous internet browsing for average using it may lasts for full 2 days ,sound is loud and clear ,camera is also good above average, got two sim slots nano plus one sd slot.no heating problem at all,little bit is obvious during playing games i haven't play heavy games yet like nova etc. So no comment but not too much.overall
 a good budget phone i was looking for.One thing i want to mention that after using levono provide the update to support lollipop ui other security updates of about33mb 48mb and more which resluts in multitasking issue in lollipop view but no lag in android multitasking view and quick battery drain not too much which is not a big issue and may b solved with next update.so anyone who is planning to buy please DONT UPDATE your phone runs fine out of box. 


1 star

 ramakrishna

 31 Jan 2016 
 
 Oh My God  

 Such a stupid phone.. Please don't buy this lenovo vibe p1.. It's a big headache mobile.. I want to exchange this mobile in flipkart.. But my luck is... They don't hv this model to exchamge.. 


4 stars

 prem swaroop

 30 Jan 2016 
 
 Good product  

 Good product , but just with in 1 month flip kart reduced price Rs.1000/- Good battery backup. As battery is high end the phone is heavier. 


5 stars
Saba perween

 30 Jan 2016 
 
 excellent mobile vibe p1  

 i bought this mobile 25 jan excellent mobile best performance.. very fast charger good battery backup.vibe p1 special for girl .i give 7stars******* 


1 star

 Dinesh Verma

 30 Jan 2016 
 
 Poor product quality and negative impression .  

 Switched off phone around 4-5 times as its hanging a lot.
heating too much while using .
battery backup is very low as mentioned .
why you are cheating with these cheap quality product .
i am totally frustrated and shocked with this phone's performance .
I have requested Flipkart for replacement ,hope they will help me . :-( :-( . 


4 stars
Nitin Agrawal

 30 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1  

 Very good phone 
Pros
4900 mah Battery, finger print scanner, call quality, looks, fast charging, screen 
Cons
Camera, some lags 


1 star
Sanaullah Shaikh

 29 Jan 2016 
 
 Again Rubbish  

 Was exicited to own a Lenovo Vibe, which ws much hyped,
Lately returned fr not as hyped by da company,
Lenovo is really making rubbish out of it 


1 star

 ayaz

 28 Jan 2016 
 
 avoid buying  

 its been only 2 months since my purchase and finger print security is not working
avoid buying this phone as service stations are also not there 


1 star

 N N MIT

 27 Jan 2016 
 
 Defective product received  

 Handset was was received in time and also in sealed condition but was found to be defective and earpiece(speaker) was not working and hence returned. Very poor quality checking by LENOVO. Typical Chinese... 


4 stars

 Sathish Rao

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Hi Flipkart, 
I have received Lenovo VIBE P1 mobile before committed date from Flipkart. I bought this mobile in November month and its so good. 




#############################PAGE-139#####################################
5 stars

 ak

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 thanks to flipkart for a very good phone  

 Best in class. I bought silver colour and I like it very much. Camera, Ram, storage ,everything is good. Best part is battery .it goes for 1.5 days with very heavy use.thanks to rocket charge. Charging time is very less. Fingerprint are good. I bought it on republic sale in 13800. Go for it. 


5 stars

 vaidehi Rao

 26 Jan 2016 
 
 amazing phone  

 i got this phone as my birthday gift in November, i must say i couldn't ask for any better gift 
super battery life 
high quality pictures and videos 
saves us from panicking with battery save push button (5% = 2 hours battery life) 
finger print sensor 
aluminum build phone  
it is indeed a bit heavy, totally worth the pain 


1 star

 VIjay Khandal

 25 Jan 2016 
 
 Call drops quiet often  

 I found this mobile very good in terms of battery, but call drops quiet often, even 2G signal is not comming properly in this handset. 
probably it can be one handset problem, i am hopping other handset will not have this problem, i requested for a replacement through flipkart 


1 star

 Chandan Khuntia

 25 Jan 2016 
 
 Received Product with one Sim not working  

 I haven't checked the handset thoroughly yet but this review is only for Flipkart service. Filpkart sent me a defective product (SIM1 not working) when I requested for replacement, they send me a app to download so that they can troubleshoot online. I dont really understand the logic behind this. If the SIM is nt working then only option to connect to internet is wifi and if I dont have that then how can u guys test. This is ridiculous! 
When I called customer service, the representative told me to insert two SIM cards.If a person dont have two nano SIM then (which i didn't have)? The answer was " GO TO LENOVO SERVICE CENTER. WE CANT DO ANYTHING" . So you send me a faulty product and I will run behind the service center. Is this FLIPKART Service? I really wanted to teach a lesson to that representative. He doesn't have any kind of technical or behavioral skill to handle a call. The worst experience was he put the MIC on MUTE and didnt utter a word for 5 mins then I had to disconnect the call. 
Then I received another call from another representative and he told me to install the updates (which I already had) and then do a factory reset and he closed the replacement request saying to follow these troubleshooting guides. Is this a troubleshooting step, just reset the phone? 
When I again contacted them with a new replacement request after resetting the phone (which didnt help), fortunately this time the representative listened to me and approved the replacement.
.
Finally after 5 calls, they agreed to replace it. Worst experience!! Waiting for the new phone to arrive. Finger crossed!! 
BTW the phone looked good apart from that SIM1 slot issue. 
The rating is only for Flipkart service 1* 


4 stars
MITHUN GEORGE

 23 Jan 2016 
 
 VIBE PI  

 I am using this phone for last 1 week..its amazing..battery life is very good..sound quality is extremely good.. overall great phone..it doesn't support 4g in two sim slots. only primary..its showing in flipkart as lte+lte..its fake 


2 stars

 rana borthakur

 22 Jan 2016 
 
 lenovo vibe p1  

 This is the first time in my life, I am writing a review for any product I have ever purchased. I had purchased lenevo vibe p1 from flipkart via order no OD404694525212803000 and was delivered to me on 19th Dec, 2015 at Tinsukia, Assam. However, I am very much annoyed with the audio quality of my phone. I don't hear a very clear audio while making calls and the person talking to me over phone also complains that they are not able to hear me properly .May be this not a general problem of vibe p1 but specific to my handset. May anyone please let me know whether I have to approach lenovo to claim the warrantly or may I approach flipkart directly to claim the warranty.   


1 star
Basit Bhat

 22 Jan 2016 
 
 A wasteful package for 16000 bucks!  

 Never buy this phone. It hangs a lot even after successive system updates. Applications continuously keep on crashing and even the system user interface crashes frequently. It had severe hearing issues and battery back up is not as expected from a forty-nine hundred mAh battery. Further adding to the agony, flipkart refused to replace my phone with a new piece. A complete wasteful package for 16000 bucks. Kindly don't go with the positive reviews! 


3 stars

 Manish Kumar

 22 Jan 2016 
 
 super cell phone in this range but camera is not good  

 A 1 super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super super 


4 stars

 Mohan

 22 Jan 2016 
 
 Request  

 I had got it on Dec 28 .the battery is just awesome and the finger security is dam good but I didn't notice that single speaker of the mobile is working now when I want to return it for new piece but there is no option for new piece for me .it is saying that return back of my money .please resolve it flipkart 


1 star

 Dev Raj

 21 Jan 2016 
 
 Good Phone  

 Guys Lenovo Vibe P1 is a good phone if you get a orignal product i got a fake one from flipkart may be it is used Phone , 
Lenovo is offering good phone but it heats alot 
Some times flipkart deliver fake or repacked product so please be alert 




#############################PAGE-140#####################################
1 star
Durai R

 20 Jan 2016 
 
 4G Sim missing and Case cover damaged  

 Hi, 
This is the second time I am facing such an issue. Find attached the screenshots of the Airtel 4G sim card offer for your reference believing which I bought the Mobile.  
Last week one of my friends has bought the same mobile for which he received the Free Airtel 4G sim card and there is no damage in the transparent case cover. 
I am totally disappointed with Flipkart. Please replace or provide the free sim card and Case cover as soon as possible because I don't have any spare mobile to use meanwhile. 
Appreciate your quick response. 


2 stars
vivek vijayan

 17 Jan 2016 
 
 NO HEADSET INSIDE.  

 I got the product yestersday..it came early frm d expected date.. i appreciate that.
But the parcel was damaged ..poor handling.my item was fine by luck.And there is no HEADSET inside the box..That dissapointes me... 


1 star

 preethi Ahmed

 16 Jan 2016 
 
 heating issue  

 i bought it on 23rd dec n it have sim slot problem n on jan 16th i got replacement mobile(due to ekart executive take the money n he used it n done for froud so it take so much time for replacement).n in that replacement. charger got short circuit after the use of 5 min.so i make a call to flipkart n n they said that we r offering u 300 rupes to ur wallet n u can purchase the charger there n but there is option to buy it n showing as.purchase should be done only for ws retailer.there r no charger from ws retailer.i have seen 5 mobiles n that 5 mobiles i observe that this mobile has heating issue. so please dont go for it. save ur money.worest flipkart coustomer service.dont go for it.it has a lot of heating issue.after the use of 15 min mobile got heat 


1 star
ankit shah

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 dont buy phone exclusively from flipkart  

 please dont buy any phones which are exclusively sold by flipkart bcoz i have accidentally broken my screen and nither lenovo nor flipkart is taking responsibility to replace the screen. reason i am getting is that parts of exclusively sold phones will be available in market after 6-12 months from the date of launch.... 


5 stars
Taskin Khan

 14 Jan 2016 
 
 Lenovo vibe p1  

 Great catch .Good and the best in its category.Thanks flipkart and Lenovo for providing me such an awesome device with amazing battery capacity .thanks. 


5 stars

 Pankaj Kumar K...

 13 Jan 2016 
 
 great looking,very fast operating and net speed,superb  

 I am using lenovo vibe P1, this mobile set is looking very nice,lovely set. very fast operating systems with net speed, ultimate battery backup and quick rehchrage,price is also economic."mobile set is superb" 
Pankaj K Kashyap, Bilaspur Chhattisgarh 


4 stars
Pradeep Kumar

 10 Jan 2016 
 
 FELT GOOD AND WORTHY  

 IN THIS PRICE RANGE MOBILE WITH THIS SPECIFICATION IS AWESOME. AND SURPRISING BATTERY FROM LENOVO. NICE DISPLAY. THUMBS UP FOR UI. .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 


1 star
SIBQATHULLAH H

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 DEFECT PRODUCT  

 Dear Sir,
 I Bought Lenovo VIBE P1 mobile from your site. Within one month the phone become unfunctional and dead. When I contact to replace they told that replacement will be within one month . I received my phone only on 09.12.2015. kindly replace my mobile at an earliest. 


3 stars

 YB

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 Using the phone for 1 month  

 Hi 
Been using the phone for 1 month so it is fully functional review. I am a basic user using for making calls, sms and whatapp. No heavy games etc. 
It is a good phone at the price it is been sold on, good features, camera could be improved but touch etc is good. It is fast and there is no hanging etc till now. 
I bought this phone for its battery life which is good but i will not say it is extraordinary. I was expecting 5000 Mah to last for 2-3 days for a person like me who is not a heavy user but it last one and half day. Also in 1 month i think the efficiency has gone down as it started with 3 days life and not is is slowly gone down.  


1 star
Samuel Sama

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 update failed stopped working  

 Its has been 10 days I bought this mobile.
I was doing today phone update using WLAN connection and completed two day updates.
After doing the third update i'm not sure exact build i guess from S139 151111 to S145 15**** download got completed successfully, After that it has asked for reboot and during updating of app at last I got failure stating "update fail". there after it is showing only Lenova startup screen and not proceeding further. 




#############################PAGE-141#####################################
4 stars

 Mohan Talukdar

 09 Jan 2016 
 
 shipment  

 Please my product immediately shipping an my address this products,
And sending Currier track order AWB number 
Very late sipping this product 


5 stars

 Sreekumar Madhavn

 08 Jan 2016 
 
 Good purchase.. Nice Phone...  

 This review after one day use, I like the performance and battery back up. a good phone from Lenovo... Thank you so much..... 


2 stars

 Jagdish Patel

 08 Jan 2016 
 
 Gujarati language Not sporting  

 i purchased Vibe P1 before month but local Gujarati Language is not sporting i have complains customer care but no body help me. this is useless product who are using Gujarati language . 


5 stars

 Rajender Maloth

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Looks are Decieving > Do Not Buy this product.  

 After reading some positive reviews I bought this phone. 
It worked fine for a 5-6 days and then it started giving troubles. Whenever we open contacts for any name . The list is display after 3-5 Minutes times. I just installed Whats App on my mobile. I don't even see friends profile pics. 
It hangs whenever it wants. 
I have read in some blogs that this particular Model has some software glitches with Contacts.
Though they have mentioned 2GB RAM it doesn't function like that. 
Battery is also draining very fast. 
Final verdict: Don't not Buy this Item on Flipkart.  
Am giving 5 stars because this review would be appearing first and a heads up to other customers . 


1 star
Rohit Sahni

 07 Jan 2016 
 
 Super flop mobile and flipkarts pathetic service  

 Hi. This is the worst product I have ever used. I took it almost a month back and faced 3 issues. Battery getting real hot while charging, hanging, service center not carrying updated software. I called up flipkart. They did some test and refuced to return or exchange the product. I visited lenevo service center again and luckily I found the software update. I got the same done with that the hanging issue was solved but the battery temperature while charging remain same. I started using it and looked out for some accessories which was not available in market. I again loded flipkart app as I don't have any other option. I ordered for screen protector and back cover. Yesterday I received the back cover of mtt but as expected from flipkart the phone was not fitting in the back cover. I requested for return and orderd another one......Today morning I got up and checked my phone which had 20% battery suddenly the phone got switched off. I tried to restart it but no response. I put it on charge and removed at 30% battery again the same issue with the phone. I don't have any other option rather then going to the service center.
Now I can understand why flipkart send mail to write review and earn voucher of Rs 250. This is the worst thing you can do to fool consumers.
I will never use flipkart again in future. Good bye. 


3 stars

 Dhananjay Mayekar

 06 Jan 2016 
 
 Only if you need the fingerprint reader..  

 Dead pixel.. Everything else is good enough.. Go for something else if you don't need a fingerprint reader.. 


5 stars

 Anand ahuja

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 Wonderful package  

 Good phone to use and battery is wow
At this price ,great pc 


5 stars

 Rajkumar

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 Good at this Price  

 My previous order of Lenovo VIBE P1 auto cancelled and due to flood in chennai. I have re-ordered and got the phone in Christmas discount. I bought this phone to my cousin brother. It is an excellent phone at this price range. 


3 stars

 sajan zacharias

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 lenovo vibe P1  

 The biggest advantage of this product is battery life. i am heavy data user and the battery last more than 12 hrs. also in 30 mnts it can charge more than 60% 
i have been using this now more than a month and i bought this to replace my Lenovo K3 note because it hangs. I bought K3 note to replace lenovo P 78 because it used to hang. 
unfortunately lenovo vibe P1 also hangs while switching between whats app, contacts etc 
takes long time to add contacts and ro appear in whatsapp contacts. at times the phone hangs while looking for contacts to make a call. 
I have been a lenovo user now more than 18 months and i have replaced 3 models already  


4 stars

 Govardhan

 05 Jan 2016 
 
 Power Bank  

 Awesome phone with heavy duty battery..
It is heavier compared with other mobiles may be because of battery and metal body..
Verymuch Satisfied with the flipkart service.
I Ordered it on 28th Dec. expected delivery by 30th Dec. but i received it on 29th Dec
it was a big surprise to me on 29th by flipkart.
For phone i give 4 Starts
For Flipkart i give 5 Stars * * * * * 




#############################PAGE-142#####################################
1 star
Anand

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Cheating for customer  

 This is a cheated for me.I have to order for this and getting in last week in empty box.so many time inform to customer care but they are not given replacement or refund.and already I was complaint for consumer court today.so please don't buy here 


1 star

 Sandeep

 04 Jan 2016 
 
 Very Poor Behaviour From Flipkart  

 I have complained Flipkart about over heating of Lenova Vibe P1 delivered to me on 24/12/2015. I am clearly stating that Temperature increases after 25 mins(approx) after Initiating charge. 
But the Flipkart guy tested my phone for 3 mins on charge and says phone is normal. I dont understand do these guys speak sensibly.  
during test done by Flipkart, 
Battery Temperature before charge - 29 
Battery Temperature after charge (3 Mins) - 34.5 
Dont this seems to be a problem.  
flipkart says temperature is under normal temperature. Now they want me to go to lenova service centre directly for their certificate. 
I got mobile from Flipkart who said easy return but now i need to goto Lenova. 
It is second time happening for me with Flipkart. Frustrated with Flipkart.  


5 stars

 NAGARAJAN T

 03 Jan 2016 
 
 Very good product  

 Fast delivered &nice flipkart team all members thanking you & also correct price 


5 stars

 Rahul Shah

 02 Jan 2016 
 
 Awesome phone  

 It's super phone ...all in 1 features ... also it's 4g and with good battery life . 


1 star
Rajesh Panchal

 01 Jan 2016 
 
 Mobile is great but this problem sortout  

 Dear Lenovo team, 
i have purchase Lenovo Vibe1 form flipkart online till date 2month later.
my problem is first not supported gujarati language.
second problem hangout my phone call time and other apps running time. 
please replace my mobile. 
Order Details
Order ID: OD304279519787748000 (1 Item)
Seller: WS Retail
Order Date: 27 October, 2015 3:28 PM 
Regards,  
Rajesh Panchal 


2 stars

 Rais Ansari

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 phone heating  

 flipkart is worst
my phone problem
1) heating- heating is up to 46% while charging and gaming
*** I call to flip kart he says its normel return policy is 47%
2) hanging my phone all time and crash the using application
*** I call return he says no 1st we check he installing smartchk apps and told me "lots of apps in your mobile please uninstall and check 2 or 3 days,." 
only 5 games and 2 browser i insatall but flipkart is says 'lots of apps' after that I am facing same problem. call return he told me go to service centre your problem not solve here.
3) camera so poor like 5000 Rs. phone.
Flipkart is worst dont use it...
I give a 2 star for its build quality and battry...
If you want a battery in Rs.15999 dont wait buy this.
flipkart send you this battery in good buld quality box with finger print security...
EK BAAR A___ZN TRY TO KAR is best
I dont use DIL KI DEAL so dont konw there services...
flipkart worst worst worst 


1 star
Thiruppathi Palan...

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 issues with ear speaker  

 deffective product delivered at multiple times from flipkart, Now i feel bad with lenovo brand also... 


4 stars

 Altamash Ali

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Great shopping...  

 It's was great... Shopping with flipkart..thank you......... 


2 stars

 Nagaraj R

 31 Dec 2015 
 
 Bluetooth not suporting  

 November 15th purchased working good but last 5 days it is not supported Bluetooth device.....just 45 days I lost 15999.00 


5 stars

 Punit Saraf

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 What an Experience!  

 I have been using the phone for a little more than a month now & I must say that it has been a fantastic experience. I purchased the device at 10% discount during the Diwali offer.
Pros-
1. battery life - lasts 1.5 days with heavy usage
2. ram - almost 1.2 gb of ram is free. system uses around 300mb only
3. display - wonderful 1080p res
4. touch - like a feather 
cons-
1. Heats up during fast charging till the point that u get scared that it will burst
2. charger point is too tight cz of the metal finishing
3. top back panel which opens to insert sim & sd card is a bit light and looks cheap 




#############################PAGE-143#####################################
1 star

 Vinay Kumar Singh

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Pathatic - Connectivity  

 The phone having very poor Network issue and connectivity issue. and more worst is Flipkart people. not ready to listen any thing and rejecting the return request again and again. Tired of this handset from day one. Suggest you not buy this phone please go ahead with Moto Turbo worth for your money and time. 


5 stars

 Nagendra Badam

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Goob mobile  

 Flipkart made a really well packing & even the lenovo packing was good. 
Coming to mobile specs, everything is satisfied with the paid amount. 


5 stars

 Raj

 30 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent service by Flipkart/Seller as promised  

 Phone arrived as broken and got the replacement immediately with in 3 days after the complaint.  
Replacement phone is new & sealed, so far the piece is awesome!! 
 slight upset due to, No earphones included & No Anti Shake option for camera not sure if its there, have to explore. 


4 stars
Divakar Reddy S

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Overall The product is Good  

 I found One mazer issue i.e Live Tv channels(Video)are struck when we are watching, that means we can listen only voice but can't watch video. 
Is any alternative is there to solve this Issue like by Install some Plugins or supported files.  


1 star

 ashutosh chatu...

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 useless phone  

 hi, 
using this from last 1 month, facing automatic switch off issue.
once in day it will automatic switch off, so wont even know if phone got switch off,
so i have to keep checking my phone in every 10min.  


2 stars
Prasanna Kumaravel

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone, but i see speaker issue  

 I received this phone yesterday (28 Dec), everything is working fine as expected. But when i get / dial a call i see the speaker sound is very less. I have press the phone close to the ear to hear the sound. Did anyone faced this issue? or is it only for me? Kindly help me please. 
-Prasanna.K 


5 stars
Pushkar Dubey

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Good product  

 Must buy product .....best product in the range ,best battery with fast charging 


4 stars

 Rashmi R E

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Thank you Flip !!!  

 Thanks to Flipkart for quick response for the replacement of the product which I had received with damage.  
Flipkart has kept their promise "30 Days Return" policy. 


1 star

 N C Viswanathan

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Did not recognise the SIM  

 Hi, 
I was very excited to use this phone, but upon unboxing found the phone did not recognise my SIM card and called up the Flipkart call center they were very helpful in diagnosing the problem and found a hardware issue. 
Did not want to take a chance and I immediately returned the product. But with my experience of half a day the phone observed severe heating issues near the rear camera and also the battery was also draining pretty quickly..... 
Lenovo is NOT known for mobile phones, I did take the risk but not anymore.... 
Sad experience :-( 


2 stars

 Karthik

 29 Dec 2015 
 
 Microphone not working  

 In 30 days microphone not working. Lenovo guys not responding properly as well. Anyone know lenovo service center in bangalore 




#############################PAGE-144#####################################
4 stars
patel yogesh

 26 Dec 2015 
 
 awesomes  

 lenovo vibe is best android cell ever i used. the charging speed is also good................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 


1 star

 Ganesh Sharma

 23 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Ships Faulty phones to FLIPKART  

 I received 3 different replacements lenovo vibe P1 and all were faulty!
WASTE OF TIME, ENERGY and MONEY ! 


1 star

 Varma s varma

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Speaker not working  

 Caller voice not earing for both sides . message displays Hardware problem. battery also discharge fast. pl how to replace. 


1 star
abdul salam

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 The phone performance is worst  

 I bought a lenovo vibe p1 but the day one the Phone is getting switched off often without using also , I complained the the flipcart but they give software upgrade and rebooting but still the problem is persisting 


4 stars
Bunty Rai

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 nice  

 This is a nice phone good look and good battery and fast charge 


4 stars
Kumar Abhijit

 22 Dec 2015 
 
 Headset speaker dead, Very dissapointed with Lenovo.  

 This is my dream phone and I received it on 10th of Dec 2015. Thanks to flipkart to deliver it within 1 day as I requested. Everything was fine and I loved it. Today on 28th Dec 2015, suddenly during a call the headset speaker stopped working. I checked all settings, restarted and even reset the phone, but no luck. I can hear the call on loudspeaker and on connecting external earphone but the headset speaker is dead. Very disappointed with lenovo for this manufacturing defect. I raised a return and request Flipkart to replace my phone as soon as possible. 
Thanks to Flipkart to replace the faulty phone with a new one. The new one is working fine with no issues till now. 


5 stars

 patel

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 perfect midrange mobile  

 without camera performance this mobile is the one the best mid range option......................................................................................................................................................... 


2 stars

 Rahul Kaninde

 20 Dec 2015 
 
 Review after using 25 days.... Not value for money..  

 Lenovo Vibe P1, Short review after using 25 days.. 
1) Look wise - Decent. 
2) Battery - First 10 days battery backup was descent.. it last for 2 days. After 10 days battery was drain like a hell, it goes upto even 6-8 hour.
Now Lenovo vibe P1 needed , charging twice in a day.... :-( 
3) Finger print scanner - Cool.. 
4) Heating Issue - Notice hitting issue trice while phone call near about 15 mnt. 
5) Gaming - Not big fan on gaming...no comment...! 
6) Camera - big con , camera below average. No detailing ... No sharpness... compare to Honor 4x ... Honor 4x wins in camera. 


5 stars

 Omkar K

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome  

 Awesome mobile.... Go for it.............,..................,.... 


2 stars

 sudheer

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 Its Hanging lot  

 Since last one month i am using Vibe P1 ,it was good , now i started getting problem . mobile always hanging . unable to pick calll and always black screen , when i click on any application it got strucked and only white screen appears... i am looking for the service centre .. except its ok .. camara good but front camera so bad.... 




#############################PAGE-145#####################################
5 stars
vinod

 19 Dec 2015 
 
 best one from lenovo...!!  

 its an excellent product ..!! guess..currently phone with best battery backup...
advantage is they are gonna provide marshmallow update in 2016 it seems..waiting fr it..!! 


1 star

 Dinesh Singh

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Battery Issue  

 Despite of having 4900 mah battery, its not lasting more then 14-15 hrs. So I cant even think to charge other device 


4 stars

 Mss Nikhil

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 A good phone but i was unlucky  

 I bought this phone from flipkart sometime one month back.I liked everything in it except for a few heating issues sometimes which i feel is common across all the phones. But I got a defective one.. I observed that one of the 2 speakers on the phone was not working only after 25 days, thanks to flipkart return policy, I had returned the phone and got the money refunded. 


5 stars
SHADHWAN

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 GO AND BUY  

 VERY GOOD MOBILE. WORTH OF MONEY. UNTIL NOW NO PROBLEM. ************************************************* 


2 stars

 Dinesh ttk

 18 Dec 2015 
 
 Good Phone but Bad Experience  

 Hello I bought this mobile on 30.11.2015. i was so excited after getting this mobile there is no issue first 10 days.. on 10.12.2015 morning touch is not working after sometime its comes to normal but again after one week... I am facing the same problem in that mobile... 
But Overall Mobile performance is very good.. its too cheap for 16000... 
Then i informed to flipkart they check my product and gave me refund yesterday itself.. 
Thanks flipkart 
Mobile performance : 4 out of 5
Camera : 3 out of 5
Touch screen : 2 out of 5
No laging 
no heating problem also  


1 star

 Kishore Mohapatra

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Defective Display and Unhelpful Flipkart Replacement Policy  

 I have purchased a Lenovo Vibe P1 and it was delivered within 2 days of placement of the order on 12 December 2015. I was quite happy to see the handset and the product packaging was superb. The look and form of the handset was very good. However, from the beginning, the mobile display does not show any colour and hue. It shows a white screen with faint boundaries of App Icons, Pictures and Graphics. Nothing is decipherable. Camera does not show any pictures on the screen. I took the handset to the local Lenovo Authorized Service Centre thinking that some setting adjustments could be done to remove the problem. However, they returned the handset without rectifying the problem and advised me to return it to Flipkart for replacement. I have made a request for return but Flipkart Customer Service is showing an unhelpful attitude. They want me to install an App called "Flipkart SmartChk" in some mobile and wait for their technician to call and give a PIN to use the App. The procedure under the so-called Easy Return Policy and 30-Day Return Guarantee are the most difficult ones. They have asked for 4 days to complete processing of the return request. They say that if the mobile is used and if the original packaging, labels, tags and accessories are absent they will not accept the product. for replacement.
Customers should, therefore, think twice before buying Lenovo Vibe P1 Mobile from Flipkart. Only the lucky customers get a good handset. 
Kishore Mohapatra 


5 stars
Jain

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 nice one...  

 good mobile.... long lasting battery life........... sometimes hangs....... over all good perfomance................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 


4 stars

 Manish Kedia

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Video not opening.  

 Overall the Phone is very too good in this budget. But all video not opening. Please solve it earliest. 


5 stars

 lakshmankumar...

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 altimate mobile in flipcart  

 very excellent mobile in lenova so in sales in flipcart so can you any one chose it this mobile excellent offers in flip cart 


1 star
Anubhav mahule

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 menu hardware button not working prfctly  

 Giving it 1 star. 
Reason: i was provided with defective piece. Its menu hardware button takes too much of pressure to get the done work. Shown it to frends, and they think so too.. few times it wud miss the action, even after pressing forcibly. As i stay alone, i am the lone user. Device have nevr been dropped. But still the issue is thr. Flipkart rejected the replacmnt saying bcoz its working , but thy dnt consider the fact..it takes both my hands to make it work. I even get pain on my hands sometime bcoz its heavy and i have to force press it.I cant buy anthr one,but refarin from flipkart from now on. M more comfortable in huying from the other bigger ones 




#############################PAGE-146#####################################
3 stars
Azeem Bharde

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 The product is value for money... Though ,, cant compare with Apple or Samsung quality.. 
Touch and Feel is not that good..   


5 stars
Naveen

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Awesome...  

 Very good phone in this range..very attractive..nice
Go for it. 


1 star

 K Seshadri

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 A great phone, but lacking customer support  

 I bought this phone the day it went on sale. I am not a power user (primarily phone and work Email) and my biggest criterion for buying this was the battery life. It has not disappointed so far. I once tried some car game with heavy graphics and it responded well. Some neat additions are a side switch to switch off everything except phone and SMS, and the ability to take a photo with a locked phone by just double-pressing the volume button.  
I had a problem with data not working in the initial days and customer support was not exactly helpful - they asking me to take it across the city for a checkup without even trying to ascertain the problem. I resolved the problem with a factory reset. If this had not happened, the phone would get a 5-star rating. 
Update on 30 Jan 2016. The fingerprint sensor stopped working. Contacted customer support and they had the stock answer: Factory reset the phone !!!!! Stay away from this phone. 


5 stars

 Deepak Gupta

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Great purchase  

 Good product, worth for money.
Music is good, long lasting battery. Asphalt game palying without any lag.
ONly thing i miss is headphone. 


4 stars
Sai lokesh

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Worth to Buy  

 Lenovo is offering very good mobiles. Vibe P1 is worthy to buy. It is having very good features at a low cost. 


5 stars

 aryan bharat

 17 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent, beast in battery...  

 I am writing this review after usage of nearly 20 days. 
First to say the the looks of the phone are stylish and eye catching. All the features are excellent, especially finger print scan, lenova vibe skins, sound and brightness are awesome.
At this price lenova gives all the features of high end phones. 
Only cons are slightly heavy but it will be habituated and camera is just above average not excellent.
Overall a good product and worth usuable 


5 stars

 mohan sriranga

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Best deal excellent product  

 Best deal we brought wonderful experience in Flipkart online shoping good new product and good package fast shipping thank u so much 


2 stars
Sujesh Nambiar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 not up to the mark.  

 If you loose your charger, then you have to log a complaint and wait from infinity.. terrific experience .. not up to the mark.. dislike. ..if any of company officials are there, then pls contact me. 


4 stars

 lohith

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Phone is excellent  

 Have had no issues with the phone. But accessories are difficult to find. I ordered for a tempered glass multiple times from different vendors but every time i received an incorrect fit. Flipkart should validate the good sold by these sellers are appropriate or not 


2 stars
TrueVideo Bash

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Pathetic return or replacement UNEXPECTED FROM FLIPKART  
  
Phone is good and there is no doubt about it... But before you buy this device, please read this carefully
. 
If the device is working well than you are the luckiest person but unfortunately is there is something wrong in the device than forget about any return or replacement... Please do not think that flipkart's flexible return policy will work here.. you will end up with disappointment..  
For addressing the complaints, lenovo and flipkart introduced (particularly for this device) an app called 'SmartCheck' where they will examine your device through internet (God knows how :P) and at the end they will end up by saying that we did not find any fault, if you experiences any difficulty than go to the nearest service center (which must not be a feasible option for everone), if they will confirm than flipkart will look into it...  
the conclusion is they do not want to take back their defected devices and through these complication (under the name of customer service) they just want their customer to work really hard, to spend a lot of time as if the defect has been created by the customer.. and even after that they will hardly replace it.  
My Case 
the display brights up more on the top and it is very irritating to see like an extra bulb has been put on the top of the display... A child would know that this problem cannot be diagnosed through internet and any app... they said you phone is perfectly ok.. interesting...  
they are not trusting their customer... :D (new version of flipkart) 
after my several requests they arranged a visit of a technician to see the problem... 
as a technician a bike boy came and even after seeing the phone from almost every angle for half an hour, he did not find any problem.. :D marvelous... he was more like a sales man who is trained to just satisfy the customer by hiding the defect as much as possible... 
He told me "Sir if I declare that the device is defective and the seller will not find the defect than I will have to pay for it" and he wrote there is no defect in the device.  
They again disapproved the return request...  
During all this crap, the 30 Days replacement warranty period is over and I am using the defected device after paying 16k...  
You can decide yourself Now...   




#############################PAGE-147#####################################
5 stars

 R Muthu Monickam

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb Mobile  

 Awesome product and really fantastic service from Flipkart. I have ordered and the next i got the product delivered to me. Handset having all features and works superbly. Having a good battery back up. 


5 stars
Tigmanshu Mehta

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Powerful Battery  

 All I wanted from android phone that the battery last at least a day but none of the phones I used satisfied my need. My life was really sad. But then one day, I got Lenovo Vibe P1 from Flipkart. Oh Man! the battery lasts full day even with full day browsing and WLAN Hotspot ON.  
This phone has changed my life. Thanks Flipkart.  
I will definitely recommend this phone to others :D 


5 stars

 Suswato Roy

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Great Phone but had an issue with FlipKart CashBack Offer  

 The phone is great at this price. I wish they could have provided another screen guard, since it is very much possible that a user may damage a screen guard while fixing it on the phone. Otherwise, the looks, feel, speed and color resolution all seems fine. At this price range this is a good buy, especially since Lenevo also has a brand power and no other provider seemed providing such a high battery backup.  
I had an issue with FlipKart service against this purchase, where initially they refused to provide me their cash back discount. But when I requested the matter to be escalated, they were dragging to provide me their promised offer of 5% cashback offer. Only after several frustrating repeated attempts and upon an ultimatum being given, did they provide the promised amount as a Flipkart Wallet money. I wish that FlipKart will take a learning from this incident.  
This could be an one-off incident, so I guess your purchase goes down well.  


5 stars
Rakesh Dave

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice phone with nice feature ***** for battery  

 It's a very nice smartphone.
Battery life is awesome.
In Android device battery life seems always big problem.
Thank you Lenovo for such a nice mobile 
I would also like to say Thanks a lot to flipkart for promoting nice product
& nice service tooo..... 
Thanks a lot flipkart once again. 
Rakesh Dave 


5 stars

 Kartik Dabhi

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Value for money  

 Satisfied for delivery as It was suggested to be delivered on Monday, luckily I got it before that. So happy for that. 
Good product, worth buy. 


5 stars
Dinesh Baliga

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Overall Lenovo Vibe P1 is a great experience  

 Long battery...........Forget after charging it once..............it lasts three days
Charges very fast within an hour
Good Looks...............................sleek,slim and elegant body
Excellent cameras..........................good pictures
Finger print scanner .....excellent
Vibe UI interface is good
Excellent touch
Hangs less..............  


5 stars

 Rukshana Mutheeb

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Stylish mobile  

 It is compared to iphone 6 yes of course ,sounds good camera awesome one, storage satisfies my need and budget friendly one 


3 stars

 Amandeep SINGH

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Not gr8 experienced with lenovo  

 I purchased this mobile before 1 month approx as i seen the review here of customers who was using Lenovo vibe p1 after seeing their review then i got this phn but as a true customer i returned this mobile twice cz finger print senser was not woking good it stuck many times when i tried to open my lock screen so i replaced it then i got new replacment set in this the mobile was getting heat so much and battery started sucks and also started hang so i again returned the product and got my money back from flipkart and got new samsung j7 and really ena tell u guys i am very very hapy to got this really giys uts oswam handset according to cheap lenovo vibe p1 so i would suggest to guys if u realy wna get good handset in low budget then u shoild go with it i am giving u surity that u will not dissapointed with this 


4 stars

 Justin Antony

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Good for Money  

 2 month of use, so far good. Not much issues. Couple of times hanged, No issues of heating. Camera average. 


5 stars

 Deepika Dasari

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P1  

 Very good mobile. 
product delivery is very fast i got it in 2 days. 
 very fast delivery. 




#############################PAGE-148#####################################
5 stars

 Atish Utturkar

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 Vibe P1 super phone  

 Vibe P1 is low budget good performance phone. I personally suggest the phone. 


5 stars

 shekhar agrawal

 16 Dec 2015 
 
 lovimng lenovo vibe p1  

 best battery backup for me 1.5 days+ and i use my mobile a lot
no lagging..... amazing phone.... loving it 


5 stars

 Saravanan P

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 Excellent  

 Overall good. 
Creepy sound is coming from home button.
Good battery backup. Fast charging.
Camera is ok..
No lagging at all.
Need some time to get used to UI.
Finger print reader working well.
Screen clarity is good.
Sound is loud and clear. 


1 star

 Amit Dube

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 Bogus Return Policy and Faulty Mobile Handset  

 Microphone does not work when speaker is on. When contacted Flipkart for return, they made me install a software (SmartCheck) which can remotely check if the device is working fine or not. 
Not sure if they checked the device status through that software, but they denied return twice saying Device is working properly. 
Finally, when I raised return the third time, Flipkart rejected the return saying Seller has disapproved return request. 
I am struggling with defective smart phone. 


1 star
Suhas Revankar

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 5000mah for what????  

 This phone was suppose to be good... but the camera quality is really sad. and the reason for me to return this phone is the battery.... my phones turns off saying low battery on 35%. this is too much.... i want my money back and also i will not buy lenovo again since i bought a6000 plus and had the same problem, i dint write ANYTHING BECAUSE I THOUGHT ITS A LOW END MODEL AND NOW THIS vibe P1 (THE SO CALLED BEAST) USELESS..... 


2 stars

 Jijo Thomas

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 Low quality product  

 Its heavy .. very thick.. And Glass broken on a pen fall on it just about 1 feet above. When asked, it is not covered under warranty, just one month of use. Not having much service centers too. Called in the service center and they don't have parts ... :( . No Lenovo products anymore.  


3 stars

 Debabrata Mandal

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 review  

 just got it today & 2 OTA updates were available..... great, did them.... now GMAIL app keeps crashing, somtimes after 1min & somtimes after 10mins minutes.... but it keeps crashing 
formatted the fone ~5times but no use 
otherwise, speakers r great, battery is obviously great, good to hold, good call quality (could've been louder)..... all in all, rest all good 


2 stars
Kalpesh Shah

 14 Dec 2015 
 
 Bug In Lenevo Vibe P1  

 Inspite of all positive things and one of the best phone, it has a bug which was informed to me by Lenevo Customer Care when I called their Toll Free Number. 
The Bug Is
Every 2-3 minutes I receive notifications of the tower name where I am receiving my network signal from. It cannot be stopped, avoided. The phone gives notification alert sound and vibration. There is no solution to this as of now. 
To counter this error I had contacted Airtel, my service provider and they suggested to contact hand set manufacturer. 
It is very irrating to receive notification every now and then. In a day, I receive atleast 150 notifications. 


4 stars

 PARTH DAVE

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 80% satisfy  

 Good mobile, 2 weakness - sim card ( pull out tray from upper cut of phone) 
I& memory card inserting difficult, wrong information in specification actual battery is not detachable. 


1 star

 rajeev choudhary

 13 Dec 2015 
 
 not a good choice  

 5000 mah battery..its fack
average phone..
phone is fully locked and rooting is not possible.
dont buy.  




#############################PAGE-149#####################################
5 stars

 Kaustav Ghosh

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Just awesome Phone.  

 Configuration and all u already know. I am describing below the points which i felt great about the phone:-
1)Gr8 looks. They provide an awesome cover also.
2) size of the phone is perfect not so big not so small.
3) battery is huge. almost 3 days for me.
4)10 out of 10 times finger scan successful.
5)sound is awesome.
6) camera with this price is more than ok. in my opinion good. 
Spc note:-i am not a fan of lenovo but this phone is making me think twice about my opinion. 


1 star

 Murali K

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo vibe P1  

 Bought it after reading good review. but for my surprise the hand set what i got started hanging and malfunctioning from day 2. 


1 star

 Dr srinath mah...

 11 Dec 2015 
 
 hardware issues  

 Touch pad not working after using two weeks, but thanks to the flipkarts return policy my phone got replaced with a new one but battery doesn't even last even for a day inspire of having 5000mah battery ,mmobileseems very heavy and not handy, think twice before buying this product 


2 stars
Kunal Bhagawati

 10 Dec 2015 
 
 Superb phone with unbelievably bad durability  

 I'll come to the point quickly, cause I don't want to waste your time. 
This phone is kickass, and the battery is, in one word, stunning. It handles heavy games with playable frame rates and on a single charge, does actually last about 2 days, or more than 1 on 4G and some gaming.
The camera is okay, good enough for me for a 16k phone, and the sound system is about as good as the Moto G. 
I am pretty happy with the phone, i just wish it had a little more power graphics wise, but that was not the reason i brought the phone; it was the battery, which actually delivered more than it promised. 
So why the 2 stars?  
Because its durability is laughable. It got cracks 2 WEEKS after i brought it. FOR NON IMPACTS. What the hell?? 
I wake up one fine day, see the phone on the ground (I sleep in a bed) and lo and behold, a big crack. Why? No one knows.. Okay, cool, maybe I might have made a mistake, lets move on. 
Today, a week later there is again a fine crack on the screen. What?? Why? Who knows..
Apparently the screen is made of Gorilla Glass. I am sure is a blatant lie. Its probably made of the Binani window glass you use in your home. 
I just hope Lenovo accepts the warrenty. I really don't want to spread this all over cause I like this phone.. :( 
I'll keep you updated on how the after sales goes..   


1 star

 Gaddam Sreenivasu

 10 Dec 2015 
 
 Hate this Lenovo P1 mobile  

 Facing overheating the battery and it's not up to the mark of satisfaction level. I can't recommend the same as best product. 


1 star

 Adheesh Bhatia

 09 Dec 2015 
 
 Never expected this from flipkart  

 I have been using this phone for 1 month, the battery backup is good but since the start there has been a major problem with the device's battery. The phone keeps switching off at low battery. Earlier, few days after my purchase the phone was switching of at 1% of battery, few days later it started switching off at 3%. I talked to Lenovo cutomer support they told battery issues will be fixed after update. After the update and after few more days, the phone started switching off at 7% battery. Lenovo told me - 
I would suggest you please switch off your mobile ,and please charge to 100% and after switch on ,use the mobile ,please follow 2 time the steps  
Also they told me we only replace phones in 7 days and after that if any issue is there it has to go through service center.  
The problem still not solved and got worsen. Now the phone switches of at 13% battery and does not switch on until put on charge. 
Flipkart says that it has 30 days return policy. The problem was there from the start and i was just a bit late to call, because i was hoping ti to be software issue. Lenovo is simply misguiding the users. They are not even sure of there own product. I request Flipkart to immediately replace the product or give full refund. I have already faced a lot of problems due to this product. 


5 stars

 vimalkumar nat...

 08 Dec 2015 
 
 Being cheated  

 We got the product without additional accessories mentioned in the inbox items.Flipkart promised to give compensation amount for the items . But that has been never processed ! then why do you promise to give token apologize refund amount ! Why this kind of behavior ? 


3 stars

 Shreeyash Vasing

 08 Dec 2015 
 
 Nice product  

 Product is very good but very heavy. It has big screen and high end hardware Functionalities. Just one drawback thick and heavy very heavy. I would recommend it for people who need big screen provided they use a Bag or something to carry it. Not a good fit for pockets 


1 star

 kumaran Bharathi

 08 Dec 2015 
 
 very slow replacment  

 my lenovo vibe p1 some problems so replaced my mobile but not fastly delevery very late to service for flipkart 


3 stars

 Anant

 07 Dec 2015 
 
 No Headphones inside the Cellphone Box  

 Hello, 
I bought this phone(Lenevo Vibe P1) today but havent received the headfones inside the box, Can someone confirm whether we get any from the company as an accessory?? 




#############################PAGE-150#####################################
2 stars

 Ravikumar C R

 07 Dec 2015 
 
 worst camera  

 Camera is worst 
But heating issues is there.Battery performance is ok only battery is more otherwise k3 note=vibe p1 and camera quality is very poor 


4 stars

 Vijo Joseph

 06 Dec 2015 
 
 Good One  

 I was forced to replace as the first device has some issues. When we vertically shook the phone an alert message came "Abnormal battery heating. Phone is shutting down". and then the phone got shut down. 
With the help of Flipkart, I got a replaced device and as of now its working great. 


5 stars

 rohan the great

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 it's great  

 please buy it. it is a great phone or i should say the greatest phone..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 


2 stars

 Nigel Dmellow

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 Phone replaced in 2 weeks.  

 In two weeks i have software issues and over heating of phone.
The phone lags even while opening the contact list.
Forget playing games .....FIFA 15 will open when FIFA 16 would be launched. 
Phone is good only for calling,texting and chatting purposes. 
Got a refund request done. 


5 stars
Ravi kumar

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 Perfect partner....  

 HI Friends, 
i'm using P1 last 20 days.. it's was good experience, before i was Blackberry user, 
# Excellent battery backup, 2 days comfortable,
# Excellent display and outlook,
# Speed is good (Ram),
# Camera is just OK.. Not up to the mark!!,
# During the call slight heating issue!!,
# No Hanging issue still, 


5 stars

 Srikanth

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 Misleading offers on flipkart app  

 I bought the mobile from flipkart mobile app on 1st Dec, 2015. On flipkart app the following special offers were there only on 1st Dec 2015,
1. 5% cashback if I buy from app
2. Exchange old mobile and avail upto 8000/- off.
3. 5% cashback paid thru cc/dc. 
When I placed the order thru flipkart app only one offer (offer 3) got applied instead of two (offer 1, offer 3). I also didnt find any price difference on filpkart web portal and flipkart mobile app on 1st Dec 2015. I called up customer care couple of times about the offer, but till now the issue is not resolved. Not sure if the offers made are really tracked and given to customers. 


1 star
Sunil Purohit

 05 Dec 2015 
 
 Unable to use browser, play store and other apps.  

 Unable to access browser, play store and other important apps from day 1.
Although having good data connectivity.
Very much upset with this performance of lenovo phone.
My daily important work got stucked.
Phone is running only on WiFi, which I cannot carry everywhere I roam.
Changed two sim cards, thought it is because of network issue but same sim cards are getting excellent connectivity on other cell phones.
Still not getting any solution on this.
Hope flipkart team will do the needful and understand the customer problems. 
Kindly replace my handset.  


4 stars

 Suraj parida P...

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone under this price  

 Everything is excellent. Camera is average and it doesn't feel like you'r holding a 5000 mah battery smartphone. Fingerprint scanner is super fast . i will wait for some day regarding battery or else i will go for k3 note after returning it. 


5 stars

 daniel

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 THE THE THEEE BEST.  

 Its been 2 weeks with this awesome phone.NO WORDS.just charge it n forget it for 2-3 days on a normal usage.
I THINK FLIPKART SHOULD BRING OUT MORE ACCESSORIES FOR THS PHONE.MORE CASES N COVERS.GOOD PHONE.JUST GO FOR IT.... 


5 stars

 Subrata Chakra...

 04 Dec 2015 
 
 Got everything i need  

 Using this phone for a week . Got after 4 hours after placing order so thanks flipkart for the quick delivery.
Now lets focus on the phone . i got moto x 32 gb also so i will be comparing this two.
First think first call quality : vibe p1 8/10 moto x play 9/10
Display : vibe p1 7/10 moto x play 10/10 ( display on moto x play is much brighter and sharper)
Camera : vibe p1 7/10 moto x play 8/10 (None are very good if u compare it with the likes of s6 or lg g4 but for the pricerange good enough) 
Build : vibee p1 10/10 moto x play 8/10(vibe p1 is build like a tank u will feel the build quality the moment u have it on hand) 
Network reception : vibe p1 10/10 moto x play 9/10(both are great and both are dual 4g) 
Gaming : cannot comment as only play silly games  
Os and processor : moto x play 10/10 vibe p1 9/10 (i like stock android so choice is obvious )
(No heating issue either of the be sure to update the 35 and 38 mb in vibe p1) 
Battery : moto x play 8/10 vibe p1 10/10 (both have big battery but p1 is just outstanding)
Audio output /headphone : 10/10 both (both are great in this department) 
Extra feature :Fingerprint scanner (Makes my life much easier just love it) 
One key power saver : Not that useful as i never have to use it. 
Final verdict : vibe p1 is a great phone with awesome build great battery life good call quality and very good sound output camera is a little week but not bad at all and a lot of memory(32+128) .If u are a media junkie like me u will love it for big screen and battery to power it up ui is good and very fast and fingerprint scanner is quick and accurate. I think it's a batter deal than moto X Play . 




#############################PAGE-151#####################################
5 stars

 Sairam

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Very Good Phone, value for money. Better than One plus 2 for the price of 15,999/-. Timely delivery by Flipkart. 
Very good battery backup. 


5 stars

 pradeep kumar

 03 Dec 2015 
 
 heavy and stylish smartphone in range  

 this lenovo vibe p1 is the first mobile which is also branded and also given that features ,which given samsung galaxy s5 and other mobiles like range of 22000 onwards. 
all features are given in this mobile.i like this allrounder mobile..
battery backup jabardast. 
i suggest my frnds that buy this smartphone and get professional style and personality.. 
thanks 


4 stars

 SOUMYA NAYAK

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 good bt not too good  

 i used this last 15 days over all good hand set bt issue is when i open the data after 10 to 15 mint they have very much heat and i couldnt talk any where.battery quality not too much good which its capacity or display in side.now got time for lenovo companies exports to sincerly think about this matter which has located to reviews and rectifies this issue.neither over all good.  


2 stars
display screen is...

 02 Dec 2015 
 
 display screen is not quality  

 this phone Lenovo VIBE P1 fell down from 2 feet distance display screen broken
good Barbary 
model is good
2 gb ram nice 


3 stars
BHARATKUMAR MAKHECHA

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 LENOVO VIBE P1  

 PRODUCTS I GOT 3 DAYS BACK, SO JUST STUDY THE WORKING BUT LOCAL GUJARAT FONT/ NOT GETTING IN WHATS UP AND MASSAGES,.
MORE ABOUT PRODUCTS AFTER 6 DAYS,. 


1 star

 MANOJ KUMAR

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 Very Bad return policy and customer care service  

 i taken this phone 1 month back there is issue in the phone while charging it is heating issue, i requested for return the phone before 30 days of completion but they are every time rejecting my request telling that you have to go first to service center then we will return the product.
This is really a bad thing from flipkart, if they are unable to return the product within 30 days then they should not write the condition on product page.
simply they are torture the customer 


5 stars

 Vishal

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 A virtual Beast  

 Lenovo has finally come up with a virtual beast. Battery Charges lighting fast and discharges like a tortoise. 


1 star

 Monish

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 Good phone But no accessories items in the box.  

 Good phone But no accessories items in the box. Never expect this from flipkart.
i thought this site has genuine sellers i was totally upset with this product.
waste for money dont buy through this site. 


3 stars

 Suresh Kumar

 01 Dec 2015 
 
 Please help me  

 Google play store is not working in my lenvo vibe p1? Its working fine when I use wifi but its says connection timed out when i use data plan. I also checked my internet speed. Its working well and youtube videos are running without any buffer. Can anyone help me? 


5 stars

 Sambit Chakrab...

 29 Nov 2015 
 
 Decent phone  

 Been 2 weeks since i have been using it, Love it till date. Leaves nothing more to crave for at this price. 
ONE small complaint..
LED light is not multicoloured?.. :/ 
Only displays blue and red colours .
Could not change the colour to personalize my notifications. 




#############################PAGE-152#####################################
1 star

 Amit Kumar

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Product does not perform as per the mentioned specifications  

 All - this product of lenovo is not delivering what is made out in the specifications. I had issues with the battery life and surprisingly even the replacement set had the same issue. The battery is considered to be the USP of this product and surprisingly this itself is not good. 
Flipkart 30 days return policy is also flawed - they install some app which does not highlight the issue. They just go by standard transcript that there is no issue with the phone and would not seek a replacement again. 
You would be surprised by some of the reasons mentioned by their executive while looking into the issue - 
1. The clock is taking up battery life
2. Wifi is taking battery life
3. Operating system is taking battery life...
...so on and so forth. 
I wrote a mail to their buyer protection program (resolution@flipkart.com) and the mail failed to deliver. Now the truth is out Flipkart!!! 


2 stars

 Dushyant dax

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 It must come with all accessories  

 Phone box doesn't contain earphone  
Phone comes with rocket charge so its batter 
And the phone is look wise pretty  


5 stars

 Bharat Soni

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 BEAUTY WITH BRAIN AND POWER AS WELL  

 Every thing is said in the review title. so just go for it. .....without comparing...nothing to worry about. 


1 star
Samadhan Zalte

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 Charging Problem  

 I am charging my phone from last 3 hrs and still its charged only 10 %. I dont know why and is this the fastest charger of Lenovo? 


1 star

 Balaji Viswanath

 27 Nov 2015 
 
 ok  

 delivery sucks it took so long to deliver 10 days 1 star is for flipkart but for phone 4 stars battery rules kickass 


5 stars
Sandy

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 Beast in the town!!!!  

 First of all thnxx flipcart fir delivery in 2 days and with quality packing..... And very quick action to my query....
 After comparing phones and reading review fir 2 months bought this phone and m damn happy......
Was confused between MOTO X PLAY, ONE PLUS X, J7, LENOVO VIBE P1.....
Here's a full HONEST review.....
1) phone looks stylish nd has rich appearance has a feel of holding a business class phone
2)battery is a power house i need not to carry my charger....( i have charged my phone in the morning and from 12-5 continous use a break of 45 min, been using 4g and plaing games still my battery is 63% now)
3) finger print scanner is too quick than other devices in high range and a security protector
4)touch is real smooth with amoled display cornering gorilla glass 3
5) has 2 interface vibe UI & android UI 
6) saw a little lag but thats just due to many apps downloaded by me....
7)has a rocket charging feature charges battery to 20% in 5 min and remaining in 1 hour....( note:- attach the charger nd pin tightly)
8) battery saving button keeps battery from draining unnecessary leaks
9) nfc is great tranfers link or imaged faster than any app just tap the phone with nfc
10)otg cable helps to attach pendrive and charge other phone
11) wide touch, minimize screen super brightness, voice cancellation and manymore features...... 
CONS
1) a bit heavy due to 4900mah battery
2) camera is not upto the mark of front 5 and back 13 MP
3) no DLNA for tv connectivity 
If u r not photogenic go for it .... Would never find a phone at this range.... WORTH IT.... 


1 star
Dev

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 Software problem in set  

 I am using this product for the last 7 days. It is having a software problem from the first day. The usim menu is not working. I have complained this issue to flipkart customer care for no of times. Sometimes they are telling me to call lenovo toll free no and sometimes telling me to go to service centre. Why should I do these things when they have a 30 days replacement warranty. So guys please beware before buying this set from flipkart. 


1 star
Sudhir Chanda

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 faulty otg  

 the OTG which is provided by the seller i.e not working and the rest thing are ok. ............ 


1 star

 Zubair Khan Khan

 26 Nov 2015 
 
 Terrible Mobile.  

 There is a lot of Problems with it's Touch. some time you are not even able to pick or dial the call. So there is a lot hang problems
Heat problem..
I recommend not to buy it. I am going to return this Product. 


1 star

 Lakshmi Srikan...

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Worst Experience  

 i bought this phone 20days back initially its was good later on i used to feel the heating issues & also the rear camera is worst...its 13mp for name sake but its not even giving a picture of 5mp (clarity). The mobile is really a iron box ,the mobile is heating upt 56degrees while charging(even in switch off mode) even after installing all the updates & the same issue even after trouble shooting.
I have place a request for exchange, i got a phone with scratches on back and the transparent back & also the mic is not working. 
I am very much disappointed with the service they are providing. 




#############################PAGE-153#####################################
5 stars

 Firoz Hawaldar

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome  

 One word...Awesome !!!! No complaints.
Battery is the lovable aspect. 


2 stars

 Sreedhara Bala...

 25 Nov 2015 
 
 Heating issue even after upgrad ....  

 This seems to be dangerous to your body to hold a device consistently showing 40 to 50 c.
No call drops but 3g connectivity an issue not very consistent .... 
Battery is huge and last for almost 1.5days. 


2 stars
Bipin Jawkar

 24 Nov 2015 
 
 Only works on wifi Doesn't work on sim 3g network  

 Hi guys I recd. My vibe p1 smartphone on 7th Nov.15 through flipcart ..the phone is awesome ..but the main issue i am facing I works really well on WiFi but when I select my Vodafone 3g data connection I dosen't work I tried everything called Vodafone call centre 4 to 5 times to get it done ..they gave me apn setting but no use I am not able to use my net when I am out ...yesterday my friend told me that he had same issue with other lenovo phone that it works only on WiFi & not on sim net connection ..is it true ..plz help me if someone knows the truth ...otherwise I have to return this a very good phone for this reason ..waiting for it valuable feedback.. 


1 star
R KAVITHA

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 contents of pack different in website and in actual pack  

 When i opened the pack and checked contents, found that user guide itself was missing. Checked the pack and found that quick service guide is part of the pack. But in website it is not mentioned and when i checked customer care, they also said the same. But now i have doubt on genuinity of the product. How can there be diff between what is mentioned on the pack and the inside contents. I want to return the product which also was disagreed by them. Very shocking. 


5 stars

 Kota Anil kumar

 23 Nov 2015 
 
 Anilkumar  

 Superb excellent at this rate all features are great looking also great 


4 stars
Mnr

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Worth for money  

 Worth buying. Camera and sound quality is very good. Good features. 


1 star
Mayil Vahanan

 22 Nov 2015 
 
 Poor Product  

 Poor Product.
Delivered poor product with hair crack on display.
Complained two times to flipkart to replace. but disapproved.
Very worst service and response.
Never buy any product from flipkart.  


5 stars

 Ravi

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 received damaged product & replaced  

 verify the product once you received,I received the product with screen problem i.e screen keep flickering and some applications opening automatically
thanks to flipkart for replacement. 


1 star
Phani kumar Bommi...

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Worst Service  

 Recently I have purchased this phone the phone is good but the service regarding this is worst The phone come with a Gorilla glass as mentioned in the website as it is toughened glass so its scratch proof and cracks too but the phone has fallen from hand there is crack on the touch panel.I have gone through 4 service centers but no response from Service center regarding this phone.I too have used the Chat support from Lenovo they are suggesting to visit service center.One more worst thing is that from one service center that the price of the touch panel is RS:10,000.where will get a new phone at this cost.Please please I request you to not to go with this phone give a least priority to this phone Guys 


4 stars

 Mithun Naik

 21 Nov 2015 
 
 Nice  

 Nice but battery was not good. Look was nice. Touch nice. Ear phone not came . not sell in flipkart. 




#############################PAGE-154#####################################
5 stars
Avinash Chandra A

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 Back up blaster  

 Awesome battery and camera,superb fon,at a decent price tag.. 


3 stars
victory ranjit

 20 Nov 2015 
 
 charging issue  

 My mobile is not charging fast. it takes 1.30hours to charge upto 6% to 10%. plz tell me what happened? 


5 stars
Uttam, Delhi

 19 Nov 2015 
 
 Purchase of Lenovo VIBE P 1  

 Product delivery was excellent.
Product selected for online shopping by FlipKart is also admirable.
Phone features are very impressive and best in his price category according to me. 


4 stars
Dr. Surajit Sarkar

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Not for an Audiophile  

 First things first... 
Flipkart disappointed me... Delivered 2 days after scheduled delivery.... that too after a lot of calls......also my one day delivery got auto cancelled... I got it today where i was supposed to get it on 9th... 
Coming to the phone....
There are a lot reviews out there...most of the pros are real pros... I'll list 4 cons within first 3 hrs of use... 
1. Display is a bit dim(brightness low)... Nothing bothersome indoors... May be a deal breaker for outdoor use.... There is a super brightness mode though... 
2. Speaker output is loud(NOT GOOD, LOUD)... but who uses a speaker to listen to music now anyways.... Coming from a gionee elife e7(master of audio and camera), the headphone output in my sennheiser hd 439 was below decent(basses are flat).... Turned out to be a deal breaker for me....did not return partially coz its impossible to return a phone over this issue(no problem per se with it) and more coz i was impressed by other features.... Ended up ordering Fiio E6 amp booster which I did not need before...(wrote this point in broad as i found NIL reviews from an audiophile point of view) 
3. Camera... Even in well lit conditions, pics are bit washed out... Not good color reproduction... .not really a big deal for me as i knew it while going for the phone...  
Weight is really not a con... As u know it weighs 187 grams when u start to buy it... Those listing it as con are dull pieces of sh*t... 
Will update more cons as days go by.... 


1 star

 nrr

 18 Nov 2015 
 
 Fast charging stopped working after 18 days  

 mobile worked fine for 18 days but now rocket charging has stopped and it takes around 20 hours to charge 5000 mah battery will ask for replacement of product now 


4 stars

 Suhail Nisar

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Review of VIBE P1 and Flipkart delivery  

 I am pleased to write a review for my purchase of Lenevo Vibe P1, which is an excellent phone, however only thing that I did not like about it is that Email and Gmail dont have separate apps, even if you configure Ms Exchange emails other than Gmail, it clubs under one app, which I hate a lot, as I like to keep Official and Personal Emails separate that too under two different apps like in any other smart or android phones, rest i will give 4.5 to the phone and 4.5 to Flipkart as well for speedy delivery and timely updates, however only thing I would like to share as a feedback is that the local logistics wing Ekart have to be a lil proactive, as I ddi not get any calls or nor was my office security team at gate contacted, but the status was put as address not located which is a very famous location as I get other products very easily, then I after reading the status on ekart/flipkart, went to find for the office and got the product collected myself. 
Works on those small issues please. 
Thanks
Suhail 


1 star

 Santosh Keshari

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Worst phone  

 I bought last week only and within 7 days this phone is getting switched off when battery level is less than 20%. When i purchased it was not showing behavior like this. 


2 stars
Kevin

 17 Nov 2015 
 
 Need help  

 Guyz, I need some help from somebody who has ibserted 2 sim card into this. I am able to insert only one sim, unable to insert the second sim. Please help me with this.. 


3 stars

 Mahesh

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 worst service from flipkart and fake replacement policy  

 Totally waste purchasing products from flipkart they give all fake replacment policy and never replace the product and gives suggestion to go to service center then why this idiots are giving fake replacement policy and cheating customers and more ever the customer executives are very bad then don't have minimum decency towards they are speaking very badly waste fellows asked to install some bloody app and says every thing is good go to service center idiots totally wasted my money shopping with flipkart I never recommend anyone to buy from flipkart fake company fake products  
Coming to phone everything is good like design display look but I received a defective product I am facing issue with battery a charging is not even lasting for one with normal usage it giving charging like 2000mah battery that's the reason I asked to replace the product but the flipkart executive calls me and suggest me to go to any nearest service center idiots wasted my money buying from flipkart paytm is best then flipkart which has better return policy this flipkart people just cheats customer  
Phone pros:
Good display 
Internal memory 
Good design and looks
Processor till now no hangs
Camera rear is worst is low light front is above average 
4g connectivity 
Sound is good 
Cons
Battery discharging fast
Heating while charging
Camera in low light condition is waste
Last but not least worst service from flipkart...  
For phone 4/5
For flipkart 0/5 


5 stars

 Somnath Biswas

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome product....really loving Vibe P1  

 Great phone with very nice design and built quality (aluminium back cover). Battery back-up is quite decent..no need to carry charger :) Photo quality is good..however some lagging time in the camera. 
Only complain with the delivery of flipkart..first time experienced flipkart missing expected delivery date..no happy with the service.. 
Overall nice experience and would recommend others to buy this great product of Lenovo..thanks for the product..Lenovo Vibe P1 :) 




#############################PAGE-155#####################################
3 stars
yashom

 15 Nov 2015 
 
 overall good  

 overall good. But mobile is getting heated while charging & using wifi. Does anyone face same problem? 


1 star
Shreyas Bedekar

 14 Nov 2015 
 
 defected piece  

 i brought Lenovo vibe p1 yesterday as soon as i opened the packing phone fail to turn on showing battery overheted phone shut down notification arrives on screen...
i reqursted return product from flipcart app then after one day their representative called me n told me some solutions I gone through the same that reset the phone nothing helped again i requested return the product message shown to me our customer will call you after 24 hours i am playing thin game since 2 days god knows how many more days i have to do this aplz try to resolve the prblm as soon as possible 


4 stars
Pritam Biswas

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 hope for the best  

 i bought 2 vibe 1 .....i found some thing wrong with one of my vibe 1 ....battery backup is not good ...so i called flipkart...they told my ph battery have problem so they told me that they will replace my vibe 1 ....now waiting for my new vibe 1 ...hope it will b better this time 


4 stars

 ranjeev kurup

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 Good product  
 
The delivery was good from flipkart. The mobile is good.
The battery backup is very good, giving 24 hours battery back up with maximum time net use.
The charging time was 2 hrs to full charge the battery from 0% to 100%.
 heating issue when charging. No hang problem. Till the date very good phone.But no head phone..  


5 stars

 shahrukh khan

 13 Nov 2015 
 
 wow phone  

 i only say that in this price range no one can give these multiple types of features in one 
. finally thankx to lenovo (the maker of this phone) ...gives us such multifunctioal device .. 
superb thinks in this like -:
=huge battery backup wid fast charging ..
=in built 32 gb with expandable up to 128 gb..
=especially we can charge other phone wid connecting otg cable.
=shape , color display is too good..
=power saver button is too helpful.. 
And most importantly NO HEATING ISSUE. 
Plz buy without any hesitation guys...  
if i can derrived it in boys language then i'll say 
(Dekh bhai faadu phone hai le le..) 
and also thankx to flipkart for rapchik delivery 


1 star

 gvrao

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 not able to use both 4G sims  

 received phone yesterday, today placed both 4G sims, 2nd SIM slot showing - ONLY GSM,
GOT DISSAPPOINTED VERY MUCH, NEED CLARIFICATION/RETURN THE PHONE IMMEDIATELY 


1 star

 Kartheekasasan...

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Defective piece shipped by Flipkart  

 Total Disappointment by Flipkart. 
I am the customer for Flipkart from when they were only selling books. 
I bought this phone for my wife as anniversary gift.I was happy when received before delivery date, But I have got the dead phone. 
It is not powering on even after Charged for 3 hours, Both Volume buttons are not functional. They are frozen inside frame and not able to press. 
How could they ship a defective piece that too from WS Retail(Flipkart Advantage)??? 
One more issue is Return Request which was raised on the same day, the product delivered. 
They were calling me and saying the technical person will come to check the phone but no one came.The same thing repeated for 5 times when I follow up. 
Look forward for proper resolution.  
Update: 
I am still having the defective piece 


5 stars

 Raman V A

 12 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1 mobile.  

 I ordered Lenovo Vibe P1 mobile and it got delivered within 4 days by normal delivery. It was a sealed brand new piece. The original card board box of the mobile was very lovely with Black, Violet Shades of Green and Blue Vibrant colors. I have already brought Lenovo A7000, Lenovo K3 Note for my friends and this one tops it all though it costs around 16K compared to others. I did not face any problem with any of the LENOVO brand so far and all are working fine. The phone gets charged within an hour to almost full capacity and lasts long for 2 to 3 days for ordinary usage as claimed by the company and experienced by me. Though the phone is a bit heavy one gets used to it after sometime. 


1 star

 Praful Chinni

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 Defected product given to me  

 I want to let people know that I was given a defective product from Flipkart and the return process is not as simple as expected. I got the product within two days. But I was going to travel that evening, so I opened it, put it for charging and afterwards put the sim and removed all the packagings of the case to see the product, that is when I saw the front display panel coming out like it was not stuck properly, I was pretty surprised to see that such a premium looking product from Lenovo has a defect or was it from Flipkart?
Anyways so I left out of station and tried the return process. The return process is someone will call us, if we are talking with someone, or we did not pick up the call in the day, they would not return the call. I managed to talk one day but since I was in the train the connection got disconnected and no one tried to call. Then next day I reach and see the sms from them saying that your product for return is rejected. I cannot call anyone directly and tell my problem. Iam not sure how the hell am I going to return the product. Everything from the box is available. That is the problem when we buy something online. If things are good everything is good. When things go wrong is when the actual problem starts. 


1 star

 Abhijit Yadav

 11 Nov 2015 
 
 Don't buy  

 Worst decision of my life of buying this phone. Waste of money... compared to branded phones like Samsung it's a waste... Samsung's basic phones are much better than this. Don't buy it.... 




#############################PAGE-156#####################################
5 stars
MD THABREZ KHAN

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 Its an awesome phone i don't any have complaints only thing is that i didn't get the head phones with the lenovo vibe p1 mobile 


1 star
Dipak

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Battery  

 Promise of 4900 MAH battery is fake, its not even 1000 MAH. I want to return the same. Flipkart & Lenovo Sucks. 
Will not ever buy anything from Flipkart 


5 stars

 Srikant Rampure

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Great Smartphone 5/5  

 Excellent Phone.........Ordered phone on 05 Nov 2015 and flip kart delivered on 09 Nov 2015 only in 5 days before Diwali. Thanks FLIPKART.... 
LENOVO BOX PACKING GOOD
ACCESSORIES :- Charger, OTG, USB, Screen guard, Transparent Body cover.
LOOK :- Great shape, looking royal.
Fast Charging....take 1 hrs to full charged.
All functions are great.....
Internal memory 32 GB :- 7 GB OS and 1 Gb for other apps. 24 GB free space. 
Two many great features...to use. 
ATTENTION:- No Head phone....& while charging mobile heat up normal because of fast charging with heavy charger, Only two finger print can register. 


5 stars

 Abhijeet Gupta

 10 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe P1  

 I have just received it and am liking it very much. 
Looks Good; Feels Good. A quality product for the price of Rs. 11.8K. 


1 star

 Parashuram M P

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Not Happy with device & Flipkart  

 I think the device received by me has a problem. Form the day one following are the problem i am facing.
1. There is no email software inbuilt in the device.
2. Home button is not working if battery level is below 80%.
3. Google app opens automatically for any button press.
4. Many application closes automatically.
5. Some times automatically flash light turns on.. 
Even after reporting this issues to Flipkart nothing has happened. Every time they are asking to do the factory re set & wiping all user data. 
Totally not happy with the Flipkart response & device at present.   


4 stars
Prakash Baskaran

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 Very good value for money  

 Everything with this phone is good and satisfying. Heating during charging wasn't that bad as many have claimed. But one problem that I'm still facing is that I'm not able to use Mobile data on Airtel with this phone. I'm not sure about other network providers. I'll modify the review if the issue is solved. Otherwise, Lenovo VIBE p1 is a better alternative even to One Plus 2 if you're willing to sacrifice camera and RAM for battery and fast charge. 


1 star

 satish sharma

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 pathatic phone  

 i brought this phone through flipkart and wait for 10 days . after using 3 rd day dipsay fade and vibrating , you can not see any thing on display.
phone i asked flipkart for return they refused by saying our seller rejected your return. 
Flipkart promise/ claim 30 days replacement what happened in this case. 
wroste phone never buy.................. 


1 star

 nethaji g

 09 Nov 2015 
 
 very worst product  

 i got a defective product 
and i asked for replacement 
still no response from seller.......... 
overall i trust
still flipkart is good 


5 stars

 Anil Sharma

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 good phone  

 sold my asus zenfone 2 4gb 
after one day of delivery when this phone come in market 
i was very exited good phone 


5 stars
Yaswanth Menni

 08 Nov 2015 
 
 Best at this price range.  

 Worth every penny . You won't regret . only thing is camara is not up to the mark but it dont bothers after using mobile. Bit heavy (huge battery). No lag. Not much heat except while charging. Display is awsome. Completely satisfied. Install go lancher because icons of lenovo theme is too funny.. 




#############################PAGE-157#####################################
1 star

 Nithin Sp

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Defective piece, return policy sucks! Never buy here  

 To tell about the all the features are as expected, good build, good screen, better battery performance, wifi signal reception quality is bit problem and internet connectivity is also bit issue, call quality is good, screen guard provided is prone to smudges and finger prints a lot.
But i got defective piece, there is a camera issue which is intermittent, wednesday (4th) asked for refund as it is defective product, thursday(5th) evening they called for enquiry, said friday (7th) asked me to install smart check app and which forced me to have internet on mobile and after check they said bangalore team will call you and ask for replacement or refund, but i got call from chennai and they are saying, engineer will come and repair however big the issue is. Let me ask them, 
1. am i opted for door step repair? 
2. do they understand difference between replacement, repair and return?
3. more over i am flipkart first customer, think if the service for me is like this what is it for normal customer, its not hazzle free return policy they have, its just on paper or call, they are taking almost 5 days to inspect my mobile even though it was clear from smart app check that there was problem. I think they have all sort of these thinks like smart app check, engineer spot inspection etc. stories to push the days ahead. Executive agreed about problem in call but his summary of check doesn't say that it seems and instead it states they could not find defect in camera.. 
****Never trust flipkart return policy****** 
Rating is for flipkart but for device i could say 8 out of 10, as the camera is not that good at all for the spec of 13MP even if there is not defective 


1 star

 Roopchand Tiru...

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Flipkart ****s  

 Specifications are good 
Features are excellent 
But worst performance 
When it is in charging getting heated in 15 minutes 
Main important one is this device stucks 
When we are switching between applications some times it stucks and showing a blank screen for one or two minutes  
Finally I hate the over all performance of this device 
And those flipkart executives are s**** 
If we are telling about something they are asking about another one
Finally they are telling  
If you have any problem install that stupid smart check app do some s*** on that app and go to servicing center 
Then why flipkart 
What is the use?  


1 star

 Rojy George

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 *********broadcast messages**********  

 I brought lenova vibe p1, the broadcast messages are not getting stopped even there is no option like stopping the broadcast messages , mobile use to vibrate with that messages continuously. Very BAD 


5 stars

 Siddhish Pandey

 06 Nov 2015 
 
 Great phone within the budget  

 Awessum phone and Thank you Flipkart for the great service and also for delivering the product well within time. 


5 stars

 vicky

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 THEE BEASTTTTTTT  

 everything explained already by everyone nothing new ,but my personal review is its a beasttt just blindly go for it 


4 stars

 Navneet Singh

 05 Nov 2015 
 
 Phone is a masterpiece BUT...  

 Okiee I was amongst the first few one's who bought the phone. I was impressed with the specifications.
but the phone is actually good in hand.... using it for over a week now & response is pretty good though HEATING problem bothered me as bit more than other reviewers here. 
While Charging it does get HEATED but that's normal; it happens with such a power packed phone but my concern was heating issues while playing games & taking calls for half an hr(max) thats y i went for REPLACEMENT. I know there is no ISSUE with the Quality of this Project but only with my UNIT & its OKIE.. SHIT HAPPENS. 
I love everything about this phone & im gonna use anyway once i get the REPLACEMENT & am sure this tyme LENOVO will not disappoint me. 


5 stars

 R. K. MAURYA

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo VIBE P 1  

 I had purchased Mircomax A300 from flipcart and to my dismise within warranty period I had to deposit the hand set twice with micromax service centre. When tzhird time my handset did not reponse I deposit it again on 31st October 15. I swear at that time that I will not buy in future Micromax phone how tempting is the offer. I also cursed Flipcart for sending me such a nonsense mobile. Please never buy Micromax mobile. In my opinion 30 % sets are either defective or have problems. 
My Micromax mobile was lying with service centre and I was very much disheartend what to do, very suspicious , I searched on the net and liked Lenovo vibe P1 and ordered to flipcart. I was in doubt whether I will get a good set without any problem. I also sweared not to buy any item from flipcart in future if the set is found defective. 
Today. I received the above. lenovo set and thought twice whether to buy or refuse to take delivery from courier boy. My age is around 60 years and very tech savy in hobby. Lenovo vibe P1 is unbeatable set during my 24 hours review. Nice phone. Ne problem. I inform you all to buy this set if liked by you. It is unbeatable . Buy it blindly. No heat up problem. No lags. Picture quality nice. I doubt that its price may increase in futute.  
Kudos to Lenovo. A good company and offered a good set which can defeat samsung, HTC, Sony in fututue. Best wishes. The final verdit will be after using at least 10 days henceforth. 


1 star

 sunil kumar

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 not good  

 delivered a disfunctional device. couldn t switch on the mobile.asked for refund.
build quality is ok.  


1 star

 Sathish

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 Worst Service Flipkart  

 No easy return, waste of buying in FLIPKART
No proper response from them
Worst product, its not worth for 16,000
Overheating while playing game
Too much of weight  


1 star

 U Nihaar

 04 Nov 2015 
 
 As the days pass i regret buying this phone  

 when the phone was launched i immediately placed my order without doing any background checks , the phone does not live up to its standards, (because i trusted lenovo) 
********* THIS PHONE WONT GET UPGRADED TO MARSHMALLOW *********** 
1.The top portion of the ear piece gets hot enough that it irritates me while attending the call , that is within 30 sec of the call. 
2.The ram availability on the first boot was 1GB+ on the first boot but now its 600Mb, and i have 1 game i.e shadow fight, 2 insurance apps of sysca, a clean master,a cooling app, and that's it. 
3.The battery output was 1 and a half day for the first two days but today its discharging very quickly with in one day even without usage. 
4.the chrome on the phone is getting stuck while playing videos which hangs the phone in return, i have a decent 15mbps connection and my fup is not yet finished. 
5.the transparent back cover provided is a hassle to remove and now it's loose after removing it for 4 times. 
6. the screen lags some times, i.e responds late. 
These are the defects i found after 4 days of usage.    




#############################PAGE-158#####################################
2 stars

 Vipin

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Phone is good,but accessories are missing  

 *Earphone missing*
Earphone is missing,when i am placing order it was showing (earphone). 
Display - 5 star
performance - 5 star
Lenovo app & Theme - 1 star (Not good comparing to ASUS & other company)
Camera - 3 star
Fingerprint scanner - 3 star
Sound - 5 star
Phone design -5 star  


5 stars

 Prasad

 03 Nov 2015 
 
 Awesome Phone @ finest price  

 The Delivery was earlier than expected which was really appreciable. Based on these 2 days usage, this one is "must have" mobile with a great battery and good style :) 


4 stars
Sarma KS

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Lenovo Vibe  

 Excellent phone. Excellent seller. Delivery time could have been shorten,It took almost a week for delivering the product from Bangaluru to Visakhapatnam (AP), whereas other vendors are delivering products with 48-52 hours even in the festive season. Flipkart sould improve this.But I have not received the headphones. Why so? 


5 stars

 abhishek jha

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Great looks with awesome battery  

 Very good mobile till now. Everything is as it is as mentioned.  
In one word - Father of all smartphones in this range. :) 


2 stars

 Praveen Kumar B

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Very poor camera quality & No head phones  

 Rear camera quality is very very poor and is not at all expected.
Another disappointment is there are no head phones provided with phone.  


5 stars

 Raghunath Dugi...

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Power-pack Phone within the budget  

 This review is after using phone for 3 days.
First and foremost kudos to Flipkart for delivering the product on day before the actual delivery date.
Lenovo box packing is great, and I'm surprised to see case and flip cover along with phone in the box. Thanks Lenovo :)
Phone looks awesome. Easy to hold in one hand. 
The 5.5 inch IPS display has great viewing angles and manages to emit good colors and brightness and the details look really crisp with great sunlight legibility. 
Pros:
1. Camera clarity in day light both front and back is great. Overall camera is okay not bad.
2. Finger print reader is just awesome.
3. Call and Sound clarity is good, didn't noticed any signal lost issues.(I've tried with single SIM)
4. Quick Charge(Fast charging from 10 to 100% in One and half hour)
5. Battery will stay for 1 and half day for sure for mixed use.
6. Dual 4G SIMs(both SIMs need to place in SIM tray and Its NANO SIM not Micro) and Expandable card.
7. Performance is good(No lag has been seen yet, played heavy games and multitasking)
8. Could be used as power bank(I tried charging to my old phone)
9. NFC
10. Awesome features by Lenovo( flip phone to mute or lock, double tap to unlock etc..) I liked a lot.
11. Customization of phone by Inbuilt Theme(VIBE UI and Google UI), so no boring of same theme all time. 
Cons:
1. Only two finger prints can be saved. Other phones are offering 5 as read in internet.
2. Phone gets warm while playing heavy games and also while quick charging(Its common across phone I guess) best part is disappears soon.
3. Little heavy(It's okay for me) 
Overall its a beast of all features in the budget. 


5 stars
Karthik Srinivasan

 02 Nov 2015 
 
 Simply superb... Well designed Handset  

 Am writing this review after using few days. 
Design: Elegant design. It gives you premium look. (10/10)
Battery: Nothing to say. A powerbank. (10/10)
Camera: Slightly disappointing, don't expect that much of clarity. (8/10)
Performance: Very smooth and lenovo UI gives you a better experience. (9/10)
FingerPrint Sensor: Very nice. (10/10) 
This package having both Scratch guard and back cover, it giving more premium look. Overall this's nice device. 


4 stars

 Narendrakumar...

 01 Nov 2015 
 
 Shocked to See No Headphones!!!  

 This phone is surely the best phone I have ever bought. As of now (I got the phone yesterday i.e. on 01.11.15) my wife and I are completely glued to the phone, and both of us liked the phone very much. Yes, there is some problem of the phone being heating up, but I will have to see how does it behave with regular usage. Right now, as it is new, we both are overusing it I assume.  
The shocker was when I searched the box there was no headset. Checked the content list and I came to know that lenovo doesn't provide headphones with this set. This was very disheartening. Even the cheapest phones come with headphones. I DEMAND FLIPKART AND LENOVO to send me one set of headphones. Otherwise add money in my wallet so that I could purchase a new set of headphones. 
Four stars for now. I will definitely think of rewriting the review once I get MY HEADPHONES. 


4 stars

 Datta Patil

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 all good but headset not in the box.. strange!!  

 Pros:
Battery / charging speed
Display 
Cons:
NO Headset / Earphone in the Box (writing the review to only highlight this point. 1 start less only for this)
Too many pre-installed apps 


4 stars

 Srinivas

 31 Oct 2015 
 
 Product good but flipkart packing worst  

 Nice phone , matallic and lots of features and gives a premium feel 
But flipkart packing was worst , they packed such big box in plastic flipkart bag and the original box inside had a side crushed impression .
Irresponsible flipkart !! 
regarding the product , its good but lags a bit while gaming , while my earlier phone moto g gen 1 was playing the same game with out any lag . 
4 for product 
0 for flipkart packing 




